what is up everyone and welcome to the W
show I've been called a hater so many
times for calling out the obviously
misleading statements from one Tesla CEO
Elon Musk but um apparently even he
agrees with me now because he tweeted
out earlier this week that full
self-driving um may have some
significant challenges working on their
Hardware 3.0
uh also in the news this week let's see
oh man this app company is installing
cameras in nightclubs that anyone can
tune
into that and that's that's a that's a
service they offer wow that sounds
horrible for like a variety of reasons
yeah we're going to talk about that what
else we got this week uh Nintendo says
well there's challenging scalpers
outright I'm talking about that come at
me bro they're like we you won't be able
to that'll be interesting
uh also I don't know man Apple dless
vpns in Russia yeah yeah that sucks so
Apple never cared about your privacy
yeah
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by
ecoflow Squarespace Corsair and of
course our chair partner secret lab you
can check them all out down below this
is great just o 53 goes never thought
Zuck would be my favorite
billionaire uh yeah I mean he's
definitely got the image kind of cleaned
up lately but let's not forget that the
Zuck
is
imperfect at best you should always
remember the the quote from back when he
was at I think Harvard when he was
talking to his friend about how or
whoever it was that he can get them
basically whatever information he wants
on basically any student at the school
and the guy was like why did they give
you all this information he's like I
don't know they're idiots or whatever I
guess they trust me they're they're
idiots or something like that yeah
pretty good uh any who let's have a look
at our source for this full self-
driving it's way worse than that they
trust me
dumb nice yeah so that's that guy just
don't forget
anyways all right so uh one Mr Elon Musk
xed uh sorry for the delay this release
has had far fewer interventions but
suffered in driving smoothness part of
the issue was too much training on
interventions and not enough on normal
driving so this is something I've talked
about a fair bit before where it's not
you know can you go down the street and
then hang a left and then hang a right
and then pull into a driveway that
that's not the the hard part that's not
the challenge we're solving right now
the challenge we're solving right now is
the edge cases and that's where just and
I've talked about this before there was
just absolutely no way even if they were
an order of magnitude ahead of the
competition back when the hardware 3.0
was released there was absolutely no way
that they were going to be able to
achieve true autonomy with that level of
Hardware uh continuing to read his tweet
um it's like a doctor training too much
on patients in the emergency room versus
training on preventative care our nextg
AI model after this has a lot of Promise
approximately 5x increase in parameter
count which is very difficult to achieve
without upgrading the vehicle inference
computer so it's that last little bit
that I've kind of been looking at going
oh so we're finally acknowledging this
now because for years now uh the
official stance of Tesla which doesn't
have a PR department anymore because I
guess they're just not accountable to
the press or the public um the official
stance of Tesla which has basically just
been whatever Elon Musk tweets has been
that Hardware 3.0 which they began
shipping when I think I think it was
like 5 years ago might might have been
more than that uh first
shipping no no no yeah I can't can't
immediately find this right now ah as of
mid April
2019 so this was about 5 years ago they
started shipping Hardware
3.0 and uh theyve said at the time
anything with this level of Hardware
will be capable of full self-driving
with an
upgrade um was that during the window of
time where he had to bring the company
to a certain point for him to get that
like insane payment package I'm not sure
but it's interesting that you bring that
up because I do not see how there's not
going to be an enormous
Reckoning they have sold Millions upon
Millions upon millions of vehicles since
that time that they have told people are
going to be capable of fully autonomous
driving I mean remember when on a
regular basis this company talked about
how your your Tesla is going to make you
money passively fing people around while
you're at
work I love that idea I love the idea
too it's a great idea it really is
that's a dyst I wouldn't mind living in
to be perfectly honest with you but it
was obviously not true even at the time
and as we went on it became more and
more obvious and yet they didn't
acknowledge it they still haven't
acknowledged it in any official capacity
other than this you know tacked on
comment at the end of a tweet that I am
very surprised that more people aren't
talking about and that more people
aren't extremely upset about too I mean
this is right on the heels of the Tesla
shareholders voting to approve that what
was it like $56 billion pay package or
whatever it was
um so I'm sorry guys uh this likely
means that the past stated plans to
upgrade Hardware 3 Cars to full
self-driving via a software upgrade are
not feasible it is unclear at this time
if this will also be a problem for
Hardware 4 uh which my understanding is
extremely powerful quite a bit more
powerful than the 3.0 Hardware but not
nearly as powerful as the upcoming five
level Hardware Hardware 4 started
shipping in January
2023 January 2023 oh wow oh that was
that recent yeah okay so only about the
last year and a half but something to
note about Hardware 4 is we don't have a
good idea of what its capabilities are
because right now Hardware 4 cars are
operating in kind of like a hardware 3
mode so so they're using like down
imagery or something like that and the
models are still small enough to fit on
Hardware 3 because splitting their
development to working on uh to to
training models for two completely
different uh Target devices has not made
economic sense um especially since as
far as I can tell In fairness to Tesla
their goal still has been to earnestly
work on trying to achieve full
self-driving on Hardware 3 uh it's just
that it wasn't possible because we just
we weren't even close yet yeah we
weren't even we weren't even close
yet so that's um that's a bummer
I'm sorry that you that you uh got
Bamboozled what I want to know now and
the main reason that I'm bringing this
up is not to to dunk on Tesla because
this is not something new for me to be
talking about here um the main reason
that I'm bringing this up is that I want
to see what the accountability is going
to be for companies that do this that
advertise a feature is this a false
advertising it should be but what what
is the actual consequences for false
advertising like Luke where were the
consequences for Google when they got
into that Tiff with Sonos and just
removed features that they advertised on
their smart speakers totally agreed yeah
where is where is the real meaningful
compensation for that happening and guys
I'm I'm sure that the chat
is going to start flooding with examples
of times that these major companies
we're we're not talking about companies
that are making an an existential choice
right like if I'm if I'm you know Joe's
startup okay and I I've released this
product and it had this feature and then
I get hit by a by a major lawsuit from
Amazon or someone you know right someone
with just colossal resources that could
squish me like a bug just keep keep me
in litigation hell forever and I
basically go okay look
guys here's a situation bankruptcy or
compliance we've got to turn this off or
we're done we're out there's absolutely
nothing this off or we turn everything
off exactly we are not talking about
that sort of a situation someone like a
Google could could pay they could pay
temporarily to license the feature or
they could they could continue to keep
it on the devices and pay whatever fines
and penalties or they could and if they
win the case they could like uh sue for
those back or whatever yep or they could
recall they could recall the device
that's totally an option yeah you can
recall something you can offer people a
refund which in my mind is the the most
possible Financial liability that you
should ever have for a product that
you're selling as long as it doesn't
destroy something else at the same time
right like if I sell you this microphone
and it stops working or it stops working
mode that I like and I removed that mode
I I think the most Financial liability I
could possibly have is the the price of
this
microphone um okay so let's see have you
guys have you guys hit us with some
other examples here oh surprisingly you
didn't I'm not yeah I'm not seeing a lot
Spotify dropping car thing in less than
two years yeah bricking the device was
really really bad um wh just had a drive
car drive in oncoming traffic okay all
right well never mind um what would be
your ideal what would be your ideal
consequence for
this like what should the con let's go
let's come back to Tesla now they sold
they sold two things right realistically
they sold a car that was capable of full
self-driving but capable with a software
package that not everybody opted for and
then they sold a software package as a
beta so I'm sure if you get right into
the t's and C's they covered their butts
and made it clear that this was
aspirational but they charged enough
money for it I mean it was priced
anywhere between like 5 and 10 grand at
various points um in in the past 5 years
right so they they sold this software
package that theoretically had the
capability of achieving full autonomy so
there's almost there's almost two
different customers we're talking about
here the ones with the hardware platform
that is supposed to be upgradeable too
but maybe they haven't paid into and
therefore maybe aren't really entitled
to complain in the same way I don't
think so much and then you've got the
people who actually bought the
functionality but who you
know I think Tesla would be very quick
to point out but who have been enjoying
this beta functionality all this time
for all the limitations that it might
have what are what are they entitled to
what should they be entitled to if you
could write the law for selling
something based on false promis
I feel like if it if if it was very
clear that a false promise had been made
those users should be available for a
full refund I don't think the company
should have to automatically full refund
everyone because there might be people
that are happy like you said with the
thing that they got and they don't care
about that particular feature um they
might not want a refund they might just
want their thing but the people that get
the full refund should lose access to
the thing as well cuz I'm trying to
think more broadly for like what other
companies this could possibly happen
to so they should be able to have like a
retroactive way after the date refund if
they want it but they should probably
have to give the thing
back okay well yeah I mean it's a
software upgrade you lose the software
upgrade but you can get a full refund of
the price that you originally paid okay
but what about the
car that part yeah I don't know cuz they
because there it's like I'm trying to
I'm trying to think of other scenarios
and there's definitely times where you
might buy like you might buy an Xbox
yeah I was actually I was going there I
was going GTA 6 yeah yeah you might buy
Xbox GTA 6 buy a PlayStation 5 right now
it'll be the best platform for GTA 6
you're going to play GTA 6 and GTA 6
doesn't come out exclusivity deal sure
you know whatever whatever goes down I
might want to be able to return my
PlayStation if if the reason why I
bought the console is the future of that
game if I'm like I'm going to buy a
console now um I'm going to buy one of
them I want it mainly for this game but
I'm going to buy it now play some games
up until then whatever I would be pretty
frustrated but should they be entitled
not sure how to compensate those should
they be entitled to account for
depreciation because if I'm Tesla I
could be looking at a car that is 5
years old that I'm like what I'm buying
back at full retail price that doesn't
make any sense I mean you drove it who
defines so this is this is an issue that
I have with understanding Automotive
stuff who defines depreciation is that
blue
book there there's like a central body
that does it right this is be honest
with you you don't I don't know who Blue
Book is okay but they do it but are they
a government agency are they I actually
have no idea who Blue Book is yeah me
neither I don't know who like runs that
yeah and even then like is is that can
that group of people be easily Auto
Nation who's that yeah I have no idea
that's hilarious and guys guys Blue Book
is uh it's a car dealership company yeah
okay and Blue Book is i' I've found
values in there that are so that are so
far off like so so far off meaningful
that I just I just wouldn't trust it at
all and just is irrelevant to me because
I want it to be not like Tesla that
decides yeah obviously I mean Tesla is
full of as we've heard Top Gear
1224 uh I forgot about this Tesla
literally told people by now before the
price increases like once everybody
figures out what a great deal this is
this is to get a fully autonomous car
okay people kept on saying Kelly owns it
Kelly founded it um Kelly Blue Book is
owned by Cox Automotive Cox
Automotive no idea
yeah yeah I uh I I I don't I don't know
what the right solution is like I I I
feel like I feel like I should be
entitled to something and not like a $12
check from a class action you know what
I mean
yeah the class action checks where the
lawyers take all the money anyways are
always so diso system is so broken and
it's frustrating to me that nobody who's
in a position to fix it seems to treat
it like a priority or not even priority
as as something that even is a problem
like it is mindblowing to me whenever I
go down to the States how much of the
billboard and TV advertisement space is
taken up by lawyers because you can the
the math is simple right yeah a law firm
cannot afford to spend on
Advertising more than in the long term
anyway more than they bringing in
Revenue right it must be significantly
less than they bringing in Revenue which
tells you how big that industry is in
America the fact that they can spend so
much on and like how many people even
get in a car accident and yet I can't
drive from the airport to my hotel
without see seeing 32 Billboards for
what happens in case I get in a car
accident driving from the airport to the
hotel it's wild some of them are super
specific too which I find always to be
interesting did you get injured in this
really weird specific odd way that
you've never heard of before call me I
specialize in that it's like
okay um something random says well they
should just have to upgrade the
computers in the cars and that's a
potential solution here but I mean if
they did that I think that' be fine yeah
but at what point okay tell me this
though if I'm Tesla should I be on the
hook for upgrading some car forever that
you've been driving
forever I mean if you said it was going
to
work I it's one or the other guess yeah
I mean I guess that I guess that's true
maybe you just shouldn't promise things
that you can't deliver I guess yeah
then's the consequences I mean as if
they offered an option like hey we'll
buy it back at market value or we'll or
we'll upgrade it
or what are the odds they do any of this
zero I I I I have no faith if they if
they did it then that's fantastic right
um I just I I will be the first to talk
about what a cool and amazing company
Tesla is if they actually deliver on
full autonomy for those Hardware 3.0
vehicles in any way shape or form so if
they somehow manage to create a Magic
model that works on them then I will I
will and and it actually gets certified
at what was it like level four was what
they were targeting I I forget the exact
details uh level four autonomous cars
what's level four let me double check
like double layered level four is
considered to be fully autonomous
driving uh if they can actually achieve
level four autonomy with the current
Hardware I'll be the first to say I was
wrong I suck um I I I owe Tesla and Elon
Musk personally an apology um and you
know what I'll say the same thing if to
no cost to Tesla owners they upgrade the
hardware to something that can do it I
don't think they will I mean we have we
have that would be cool though if they
did that that would be very that' be
cool we have a long history of this
company's management short changing
People whether it's not paying rent on
the buildings you know for some stupid
social media company they acquire or
whether it's you know stiffing people on
their um on their expected payouts forur
their Severance like what whatever it is
there's a there's a long history here of
just kind of being a nozzle so um good
luck everyone sorry y'all here's an
interesting one uh shraff 2K in full
plan chat said what about the cyberpunk
Edition Xboxes sold that can't play the
2.0 update or
expansion
ooh cuz that's an interesting one
because that's time that they sold
that's not on Microsoft or Sony at that
point at the time that they
sold I'm sure they could play all of
what cyberpunk offered yes but then the
software updated but tell me
this if I'm the console manufacturer and
all that ever goes gold on my platform
is the shipping disc
which I mean it's a miracle that went
gold in that case at all but that's a
whole separate conversation uh how could
I possibly be liable for some future
update that the game manufacturer rolls
and and in this case I don't see how
anything would
prevent the
manufacturer uh would prevent the
console maker from basically saying like
yeah we're not going to accept any
future updates to this game on these
platforms as long as you know you see
project red make sure that the the
highest level that they were certified
to run remains available on them I mean
I I I see a I see an easy solution that
doesn't leave anybody holding a bag
there so you get what you paid for and
you don't get less but you don't get
more yeah you don't you don't get any
new content or anything like
that
interesting sheesh I mean I'd be pretty
annoyed yeah yeah I'd be annoyed too but
like realistic really hard time
reselling it at any good value but
there's a lot of precedent for this
already too like look at Minecraft if
you if like exactly right you see where
I'm going with this like there is no way
look at World of Warcraft would you
seriously buy World of Warcraft today
and expect to run it on a Pentium 3
wonder I I was going to say I
wonder I mean you I don't think you'd
even be able to install it no you
wouldn't cuz you'd have to install it on
like
XP I have I have screenshots of wow on
XP so like here's the original system
requirements um oh let's go found this
on imer here we go 2004 uh yeah okay oh
man photo here we go Pentium 3 800 mahz
or AMD Duron 800 MHz
256 megabytes yes megabytes of ram go
recommended GeForce FX 5700 class card
or above man man ATI dude
always got such a such a they always got
this shaft man in the GeForce 5000 era
the FX series was a piece of yeah
and still they couldn't AR themselves to
put an AMD equivalent card in here they
couldn't put
9600 rad on 9600 in here I had an ATI
card back then no acknowledgement of AMD
what or ATI rather before AMD acquired
them no ack ement of ATI whatsoever that
is just man no no wonder they just never
no wonder they have never managed to get
there I think I think their uh their
discret card market share is down close
to 10% now like it's between I think
it's between 10 and 20% like they are
just a complete non-factor you're still
running yours yeah uh yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah no driver issues still running
7900 XTX driver I haven't had really any
issues with it at all nice to be honest
with you other than when a bunch of
water spilled through it well that's
recently that happened again um this
time it wasn't my fault but wait is it
still alive yeah it lived wow whole
system lived yeah that's actually pretty
cool both servers lived mostly uh one of
them a bunch of the nvme ebays in the
front are dead okay uh you can probably
get a replacement part you know what I
guess it's story time it's story time so
I came home um the night after after the
day that I found out about my sister's
death I came home after W show that
night and I had had a very challenging
24 hours already and I um heard like I
was getting some food or I was about to
get some food and uh no one no one else
was home yet so the house was empty I
kind of come in I was going to get some
food and I heard like a weird like
whining
noise like something like that that he's
checking in on and I was like what
where's that coming from I go into the
computer room upstairs I go okay yeah no
I don't see anything in here and uh but
but it's louder in here and then it
dawned on me it's because it's under
me so I went down into the basement got
louder and louder louder I got into the
mechanical
room oh no the loop for the systems so
there's two Loops in there one Loop goes
to a heat exchanger and out to the pool
and the other loop goes to the heat
exchanger and goes to the
um uh goes to the systems okay so it's
the loop that's going to the systems
that is running dry so I immediately
pull the plug on the pump I'm like okay
okay what's okay what's going on here
okay why is this Reser rning dry can be
super bad for them why is this Reservoir
empty and I go well maybe it evaporated
like maybe maybe it evaporated and got
an air bubble cuz it's not empty empty
right um and I was like yeah I noticed
the coolant was a little low but like I
thought I you know real you get a little
bit of evaporation um but you know I
didn't think it was that yeah I didn't
think we were that close right like I I
I would have topped it up and I go okay
so there must be a leak where is
it and that's when I realized that the
server rack had peed itself so so it was
dude it was gallons of water um and what
happened was the fact that gallons of
water went through that rack and not
hold on we're getting to that okay so at
the bottom of my rack I have a lead acid
battery UPS from Eaton above that I have
a lithium battery UPS from
Eaton above that I have an aircooled
hard drive server from 45 drives
storinator above that I have an air
cooled nvme server it's like ancient
it's likeon V3 or something like that
yeah or V4 maybe I think it might be V3
anyway it's that weird simply double one
that has two 24 Bay things one in the
front and then the lift up one in the
back that's an important detail for
later above that is EV Von's water
cooled but self-contained it's not
cooled by the whole Loop so
self-contained water cooled gaming rig
for you uh my one that is it has a valve
in it so I it can be self-contained if I
needed to like go to a land or something
but it could also be just the valve can
be opened and it can be run through the
pool Loop uh not the pool Loop the the
internal Loop to the heat exchanger and
then above that are the five one use for
the land
Center so I started at the
bottom pulled out the UPS um the lead
acid one was off obviously so I I pulled
that out tipped
it water just comes out of it like okay
well that's a bad sign
uh H don't you have a saltwater pool
okay for the love of God guys there's
two Loops okay one Loop out to the pool
and it doesn't take in pool water okay
it goes to a heat exchanger there's
another loop that's just inside it's
running it's running regular water with
some iodine in it it's fine the tubes
that go to the pool are are sealed and
they go around the walls of the pool to
take the heat yes yeah not they don't go
into the water of the pool there's no
pool water anywhere okay
I'm not saying it went well I'm just
saying I'm not a
idiot I do this for your entertainment
are you not entertained there was a new
Gladiator filming or something I don't
know about that I don't know yeah we'll
see how it goes um okay so anyway I I
pull out the lithium one which is still
on by the way at this stage in the game
it's wet on top and I'm like okay let's
get this unplugged get this battery out
like immediately yeah yeah yeah all
right I'm taking my time here because I
just I don't have the mental or
emotional capacity to think
about what happens if all of this is
dead at at this stage that I'm at right
now pull aon's machine tilt the water
off it pull up my machine tilt the water
out of it I'm like stacking up computers
around the room on their sides so that
water will drain out of them at this
point so I start so I start pulling out
I start pulling out machines I start
pulling out machines it's the third one
it's 1 2 3 4 5 the third one out of the
one U that somehow the fitting corroded
off a block so it was literally just
gushing water out into this system yeah
this was not a leak this was a a
nozzle it was fully flowing the faucet
was on yeah pretty much
um where was I going with this
you just pulled that system out the
third third uh one system why did I
start story time
though 7900 XTX is still running fine oh
yeah right right right right right so
let's continue telling the story okay so
I pull the system out and I realized
holy crap yeah all those gallons of
water went straight through the rack so
any screw holes in the top and bottom of
any systems like just it went through so
I start looking more closely at
everything that I've pulled out there's
of water or that like beaded water on
motherboards um thankfully most things
missed power supplies for the most part
which would be a more catastrophic
situation like you can have a short on a
motherboard and kill a motherboard you
can have a short in a power supply and
burn down the
building it's a lot worse right um so I
got everything out and I kind of went
it's time to go get that food that I
needed it's all off now yeah it's off
now yeah nothing's in any immediate
danger of being on fire
so the Wi-Fi is still working that's at
the top of the rack so none of my
family's going to complain about any of
this um well actually the kids are
pretty upset that their gaming rigs
don't work but well we'll get to that
later um and then the next day I come
back it's a weekend thankfully it's
Saturday so I start to put things back
together I put the battery back in the
bottom ups and I kind of go okay she's
dead Jim now interestingly I found one
of the same model on eBay that obviously
is like shipping damage just crap like
the the chassis is so busted but they
claim works for 500 bucks which is like
a tenth of what it's worth and I thought
that might actually be kind of a fun
video resurrecting my water damaged uh
ups but could be kind of Niche I don't
know anyway I was really tempted to buy
it and eBay's got a feature now where
you look at something and then go away
from it and like the seller can send you
an offer so they offered me 10% off it
so it could be even less than 500 bucks
I was thinking about it I haven't bought
it yet but I'm thinking about it it's a
kind of neat feature actually so I put
that back in like we know you'd watch
flow plane yeah I know you guys you guys
watch everything um so so I put that
back in and I'm like okay this clearly
isn't working so I don't even have the
like Nemo whatever four-prong stupid
connector now to power my pdu so that's
my fancy power bar that goes at the back
of the Rack or to go into my 208 volt is
it 28 or 2 208 or 240 volt on that one
230 I can't remember but my my 200 plus
volt Outlet that I have at the back of
the rack so I'm like okay I'm going to
have to run to the office and get like a
like an adapter magig or I'm I'm going
to have to find something or I'm going
to have to go get a pdu that um oh wait
no I realized I was an idiot because I
could have just plugged my pdu directly
into the wall that was
funny look I was not in a great state of
mind so then I find that the lithium One
turns out is way better
sealed probably because of the lithium
batteries it's actually IP rated not for
water but for dust oh but if you have a
dust I yeah you're probably sealed a
little better than something that just
like doesn't have an IP rating yeah
fired up immediately totally worked fine
kept a very close eye on it for many
hours and it's working now so we're
50/50 so far for
survival now I turn my attention to the
hard drive
server this has my onsite redundant copy
of everything that's on the nvme server
however um a fair um it's been a while
since I've like manually copied it and
my automation stopped working at some
point a while back and I was like I will
deal with this and then I
didn't anyway you know that you know how
in the mechanic with the broken card oh
speaking of uh fixing things like that
that thing that you have me cced on to
to fix I took you out of the loop so
we'd stop spamming you but it's moving
forward that's super cool okay we'll
talk about that later uh anyway so the
hard drive machine I look through it I'm
like okay water only ended up on the
motherboard which means that worst case
scenario I pop all these hard drives
into a different chassis or I replace
the motherboard and we're probably Off
to the Races but hey who knows press the
power button she fires up immediately
couldn't believe it there were puddles
of water on that motherboard that
puddles sir this whole story is so
interesting to me because in you know
early 2000s if this happens they would
all be dead
any amount of water on the board is dead
immediately so much resiliency these
days amazing okay I plug in the envyme
server cuz I'm at a
66% success rate dang they be survivors
right so I plug in the nvme server this
has the most recent copy of
everything zero drives
detected which is good news because it's
not it's not like half of them or a
couple or something exactly so it's
running a raid Z2 of some sort I think I
can sustain two failures and it's like a
super wide stripe because
YOLO uh
anyway the point is not a single Drive
is detected now this is a lot less
convenient to move to a different
chassis I mean where am I going to get a
computer that can accept 24 nvme drives
yeah but I had an idea okay if it's a
back plane that's dead
what if I crack open the chassis throw
it on the test bench open up that that
Middle Bay of 24 drives and start
throwing them in there first drive
lights
up put all 24 drives in oh so tedious
and like the tension's pretty high right
so
oh yeah so so I put in all the drives I
fire it up
and the pool doesn't show up but that's
okay because ZFS things so I'm able to
just repport or whatever the terminology
is and server survives we're at a 75%
survival rate here folks we have a
component dead in one of them but
nothing too serious I actually lied
about the order a little bit the first
thing that I did after I got power back
to the rack was I checked yvon's machine
because she had to get some work done
and hers worked so sorry we are at now
like 80 something 80 something low
percent survival rate yeah next my
gaming rig goes in no problem um next
two and then this was where I actually
found out which rig was dead because I I
popped number five back in I popped
number four back in and the number three
was the one that didn't appear to have
water on it from the
top but that's where the fitting
corroded right off that was the first
one that I wanted to that I that I that
I opened up because mine and yvon's rigs
could run self-contained so I didn't
have to turn the loot back on yet so I
didn't test five I didn't test four I
opened up three and that's where I found
the fitting that corroded off opened up
the block and there's a whole bunch of
buildup there so something galvanic
corrosion was happening somehow within
that block and I'm still waiting to hear
back from Ek on what exactly their
theory is they have some ideas they've
sent me already I'm not sure that I
necessarily agree with them but there's
clearly uh something eaten away and
there's clearly something deposited
somewhere else which to me is pretty
clear pretty clearly galvanic corrosion
which shouldn't have occurred in that
Loop yeah everything in that Loop was
brass copper or plastic mhm um so TBD
basically I haven't I haven't explored
it any further yet because I want to
make a video about it the shoot date is
next Thursday so we you you guys will be
getting a proper update uh so I haven't
tested systems 5 and four because until
I crack open every single fitting I'm
not going to know what's corroding and
what's not but what I did do was I took
one of the other systems and popped open
one of the fittings and they are
immaculate
perfect so it's that one very much in
particular for some reason yeah so so
story time though I have I I did I did
try to fire up system 3 on the bench
it's dead makes sense that's the one
that it was flowing in on yeah so it
didn't leak through any holes or so I
lost a UPS I lost system 3 system four
and five are still TBD everything else
survived except for an envyme back plane
realistically that's fantastic I I could
not have possibly hoped for better for a
better result especially with how much
water flowing through like that's
amazing yeah so I'm I'm pretty happy I
forget how we got onto this topic but um
we were talking
about old gpus oh yeah right so my 7900
XTX oh right still working great ah so
it's yeah so it's survived that even yes
cool in spite of everything that's good
to hear yeah I'm I'm pretty
it was some good news at a time when I
could use some good news yeah um I'm
glad it worked out as as well as it did
because it certainly didn't have
to all right what are we supposed to be
doing ah yes topic two Luke would you
like to pick a topic sure maybe one of
our headline ones yeah
uh app company installs cameras and
nightclubs a new app called two as in
the number like not twwo but the the
number two and the KN and IGT allows
users to access live streams of the
Interiors of local partner nightclubs
this is supposed to be a way of helping
users decide which nightclub they want
to go to but many clubgoers are upset at
the idea of having an unknown number of
invisible strangers watching them while
they're trying to have fun uh also known
as stalking uh according to the apps
Founders they have introduced live
stream
blurring to ensure the
anonymity I am just waiting for this
feature to become pervasive everywhere
cuz I mean realistically there are
places where this sort of thing makes
sense people pay mad money for it to
having a weather cam having a weather
cam at the top of a ski hill that makes
a lot of sense oh yeah having a lineup
cam at something like a fery yeah that
makes a lot of sense and occasionally
some pretty wild stuff is going to get
caught on cameras like that and people
are going to end up embarrassed
but if this becomes a norm right cuz I
could easily see the same thing
happening for a coffee shop I could see
the same thing happening for a
gym would yeah look look at the look on
his face oh that's so bad but imagine
imagine gy is very bad imagine a normie
okay who doesn't think about the Privacy
implications of this stuff and is like
oh wow so I can easily see if the gym is
busy and decide if I want to hop over
there would they sign that release
there's so much easier ways though it
doesn't matter would they sign that
release because this company tonight or
or the the many similar companies that
are going to spring up are going to
pitch this as as a complete you know uh
prepackaged solution so you you know
Rando gym owner don't have to do
anything they just come in they put
their camera in and then all of a sudden
we get a whole family family of new
subreddits r/ Liv stream gym fails
r/ Liv stream nightclub fails it's going
to be great SL Club creeps um yeah I my
my biggest thing that I immediately
thought of was that you just have
stalkers all over the place especially
at nightclubs you'd have stalkers you'd
have jealous uh suspicious spouses you'd
have all this type of stuff and like the
the weird kind of like Gorilla Marketing
that could happen for something like
this to try to get someone to pay like a
more premium subscription so that they
can like better monitor if their partner
is out clubbing when they think they're
doing something
else notore Max says they could have a
feature where you can only watch for
like 10 seconds because realistically
that's all it should take to see if a
club is
overcrowded there are lots of
mitigations that's actually a really
good idea that is a pretty good idea
there's lots of mitigations that could
make something like this less horrible
but the thing about mitigations there's
ways around them is that as soon as you
implement them the arms race has
begun and there's going to be people
figuring out how to bought it so that
they can continuously have a feed and
they'll Stitch the whole thing together
afterward that is good though it would
stop most normies it St suggestion
casual voyerism got to give him that
credit absolutely there's there's also
there's other ways to track how many
people are in a building without a video
camera um sure yeah I mean you could use
something like um like infrared you
could use millimeter wave um there's
that Bluetooth thing that tracks people
when you move through malls and stuff
yeah you could if you could if you were
doing it anonymously you could just
detect how many Bluetooth devices are in
range given that pretty much everyone in
their dog has a phone that would
actually give you a pretty good idea
you're probably not bringing your
airpods to the club yeah or if you are
then that's fine because over a long
enough period of time and a great enough
sample size it would become just sort of
a statistics problem then to figure out
you know what constitutes busy versus
what doesn't knowing that it's not one
to one Bluetooth devices to people gray
Bart in flo plane chat said my
university has ocup space sensors in the
gym and library that anonymously track
Wi-Fi and Bluetooth signals to estimate
the number of people in the space yeah
just do that it doesn't need to be a
camera but what if you just what if you
just want to see if the scenes hopping
but this is I I I suspect the reason why
it's a camera because these types of
Technologies to do this with without
using a camera have existed for a long
time yeah but they're more
expensive are they yeah I would think so
than constantly live streaming video um
oh that's a good question I mean the
constant live stream doesn't have to be
like quality though yeah okay what were
you going to say um the the cameras at
the ferry I think that's just like very
old it's existed forever I don't know
whatever it's just been there for a long
time they could have something better
but it's been there for a long time the
cameras at the ski hills that actually
makes a lot of sense oh yeah you want to
visually see it it's a different
scenario um and usually they're in
places that are really obvious there's
only one camera it stares at like a post
so you can see the the like meter stick
on the post to see how much snow they're
actually is if if it's buried um that
type of stuff all make sense a camera
inside of a nightclub constantly filming
doesn't make sense to me uh the public
webcams aren't typically live they do
still frames every however many seconds
according to QTC MV 30 of what uh
whatever like car lineup or whatever
that makes sense as well but I mean if
you were trying to track a person he'd
still be able to figure it out see their
car there this is wild this is one of
those things where there's just so many
other solutions that it blows my mind
that an entire like startup slash app
development sense yeah someone someone
was like you know what the best solution
is this horrible thing that is obviously
not the best a really hard
time believing that this is just like
ignorance uh I I feel like they're
trying to like make money off of
voyerism or
lazy it's got to be incredibly lazy just
never looked up any potential other way
of doing this man now I'm I'm such a
firm believer in hanlon's rais
like there is this could be very
adequately explained by incompetence
100% yeah they're just dumb they were
like oh web commodity webcams can be had
for $4 on Al AliExpress let's build a
subscription model around it here's a
here's a potentially like a psychology
question um if you're a really busy
nightclub that does really well yeah
would you want this oo do you want to
advertise that you're full do you think
more people are going to come and like
line up to
or do you want to advertise that you're
not full I have no idea I would ask you
guys you know what clubbers prefer but
you probably don't know either let's be
real it's Friday night and you're here
you you want to go to the full ones you
want to go to the full ones yeah you
wouldn't go to a club that has like four
people in it I mean that's true but like
do you want to go to a full so is it a
webcam right I forgot Dan's other life
he was like a DJ or something right I
mean that kind of depends what you're
what you're looking for right I mean do
you want to go and like really party
hard do you want to go and have like
something casual you know Dan I'm it's
Friday night and I'm here yeah I've been
here and also Saturdays like for the
last forever you know they're open late
right go at like 2 a.m. I've gone to a
club I think one time ever uh I went
with Nick light and we went because
there was a DJ going there that we liked
their music we went literally just to
like listen to the music and then left
when the DJ left that's extremely valid
I've done that thank you you know you go
and get some bottle service you listen
to your DJ and then you go home I had no
intention of like socializing with women
I just I wanted to go see the DJ I
enjoyed the the set and then I left that
I didn't drink anything I don't I don't
remember but I don't think Nick drank
anything we went home and probably
played League of
Legends you don't remember but you
didn't drink anything well no I know I
didn't drink anything um I don't
remember if he drank anything this is
hilarious ious I love it I mean look I
would laugh at you more except that I
have never been to a nightclub actually
that's a lie no that's a lie I have been
to nightclubs in Vegas during CES in my
like vendor relations days and I don't
really count those for real I was like
going there to make connections like it
was I was not there because I wanted to
be there I honestly forgot about all of
that I've technically done that as well
I think I've actually seen some very
famous performers there but I don't know
I don't know DJs yeah so like I don't
remember but but there there were there
were events where it was like oh yeah
this is like a big deal oh one of them
one of them like um uh oh hold on
uh I know yeah yeah this guy uh John
Legend was there at one at one at an
event one time like the amount of money
that these companies spend on events
sometimes is Absol absolutely wild oh
who's that who's that crazy good female
singer I forget her name uh give me give
me some give me some give me some
singers uh I don't
know man was it was it a Dell I can't
remember it it was someone Super Famous
that Google hired for uh for an event at
one point and I was there I was like
well I was wild might have been her I
don't I don't remember I'm not going to
I'm not going to say who it was cuz I
don't remember
um at a recent event Google I think it
was Google had a a dude there playing
music that I think is really
cool no I don't no I don't think it was
aele was someone else some someone like
that like someone with a really amazing
um that's how you pronounce it with
really amazing vocals or something
anyway I give up what were we talking
about oh yeah right right cameras and
nightclubs we don't like it
any of them cool all right Dan what's
next oh it was Alicia Keys I think it
was Alicia
Keys oh yeah I can see her being
available why why so mean well I mean
he's not
wrong here we go but why
here dang yeah what is it what is it
exactly
W she'll make herself available yeah
yeah I'm I'm I'm I think it was I think
it was Alicia Keys um anyway she was
great um yeah everybody callage whatever
Dan might say about her I was meaning
exactly that yikes oh you're meaning
that she would be expensive yeah Oh I
thought you meant like appearance
definitely has I know that's what I uh
that's what I wanted to interpret it as
but no like appearance fees are normally
seven figur
yeah I mean not for her apparently but
oh just about almost got him uh okay
well oh yeah explain merch messages oh
wow ooh it's an exciting day for Merch
messages my
friends lime day is officially back
that's right right now uh well sort of
it's going to be July 16th to July 19th
on LT store.com this is one of our
biggest deal events of the year because
hey we figure if Amazon's going to make
up a bull nonsense shopping holiday then
we might too we might as well
participate too except ours is going to
be good that's the difference between
prime day and lime day uh we're going to
have some of LTT store's sweetest deals
of the Year we're promising up to 60%
off select items which is pretty wild
you can actually sign up to make sure
that you get notified here we go you can
sign up to make sure you get notified of
deals as quickly as possible over over
at LTT store.com Pages li- day some
people are apparently having issues with
the confirmation email um oh this isn't
this is a gorgeous form well it's a our
own form that sends it wait I've got a
picture to show and it has a QR code or
something oh is that what I'm supposed
to do well hold on this is very
important so uh by signing up for emails
you can sent to receive marketing emails
from LTT blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah you can unsubscribe at any time
okay anyway it's coming in 10 days so
you're going to want to sign up to get
first dibs uh there's upcoming deal oh
oh there's going to be screwdriver combo
deal and many more it's going to be wild
but even more wild is if you guys want
to send a merch message today we have as
a Wan show exclusive two early deals
what what you can't do that yes we can
we can do anything we want you own the
store we are LTT store.com the would you
like a tracksuit maybe would you like a
tracksuit for $30 oh this is a crazy
deal who we have some leftover
tracksuits regular that's the whole
thing the whole thing you select your
jacket you select your joggers you add
them to the cart you leave a merch
message and it's yours for $30 they are
the top seller today that makes sense
already that makes sense we didn't even
talk about them yet I know pants and a
jacket for 30 bucks uh okay well anyway
um hold on let me well okay dang it I
love our site
there it is uh okay uh if you were
wondering you know is this a quality
track jacket all you got to do is check
out the reviews uh yeah little bit I am
skeptical of YouTubers merch as much as
I'd like to support those I like I
myself don't make a lot of money so I
only consider things I know are good
I've read and heard a lot of good things
about LTT stuff blah blah blah blah blah
blah when I first got it blah blah blah
blah blah blah took it out on a run and
I've barely taken it off since let's go
look you can't I I couldn't I couldn't
even chat GPT myself please do wash it
though yeah yeah please please wash it
take to wash yeah I couldn't even chat
GPT better better testimonials than the
ones we have from our customers the the
products are outstanding so what you're
saying is you could write them better
yourself what no what okay also in other
news the retr poolar fleas we don't have
many of these left there's a small
handful of these left if you want to
pick one up the delightful retro color
way or just the black and gray you know
I guess still okay color way I like the
Retro One better anyway we're blowing
these away for $ 1999 we really don't
have a ton of them though so it's a
great product um if you want one of
these go grab it quick quick quick quick
quick quick quick
quick all right preview deals there you
go and the best part is I get to write
it
off and here's a here's a a thing oh
right I never explained merch messages
no no no you got to show the picture oh
there it is oh yeah yeah you scan the QR
code for
notifications cool uh oh someone's
saying is this a regional deal should
your order cannot be shipped to the
selected address uh Dan do you mind
firing that over to Nick to just see if
anything's blah blah blah yeah anyway
New York Islander says I love my polar
fleece it was my sweater of choice for
family parties over the fall and winter
buy another one then
all right cool I know it's summer but
there's get you know that the seasons
change predictably
right there will be an opportunity to
wear a winter garment again I don't know
about that oh man do we have shorts on
sale right now uh not today yeah but
like we oh like just for sale at all I'm
actually not sure it's a good question
oh there's one other update before we do
merch have the swim trunks so the way
merch messages work you add the item you
want to your cart there's a little box
where you can type what you want to be
your merch message it'll go to producer
Dan who will reply to it or who will
blast it up on the bottom of the screen
down here or who will forward it to
someone who can answer you or who will
curate it for me and Luke to respond to
on the show Dan's going to show you how
it works in one moment after I just give
you guys a reminder that the lmg garage
sale is tomorrow yeah it's from 10:00
a.m. to 2:00 p.m. at the labs building
which is just on Google Maps um we have
4 00 plus items keyboards mice headset
speakers computer components we actually
found some backpacks that we can sell at
the garage sale that may have light
scuffs or marks but are perfectly
functional no other LT store items will
be available for purchase you must find
street parking somewhere we do not have
a big parking lot and it's credit debit
only so either street parking or use um
um or use the public transit that's the
word I was looking for should we fly in
for this no you should not you will
definitely spend more on your plane
ticket than you will save people ask
that every time I know don't it sounds
like a talking point at this point but I
know it's not this is not reverse
psychology don't fly out for this not
fly out for this it's not like a meet
and greet it would be very bad and dumb
do not yeah cool all right Dan you want
to show us how merch messages work I
just got like a thousand well that's
what happened you should have thought of
that yeah it's my fault really yeah uh
let's do three why not hello Darius van
and cook any thoughts about the current
state of game optimization it feels like
AAA games lately have
increasing minimum requirements with
barely improved graphical quality uh oh
wait hold on I just want to say
something really quick you guys are
ordering up these track jackets and
joggers like buy the bucket full um if
you'd consider buying something else you
know theoretically loss leaders are
supposed to serve a purpose where like
you buy something that has some margin
in it and we don't totally lose our
shirts um I'd be pleased as Punch If you
would also buy something else because
these are priced well below our cost uh
we're just trying to We're just trying
to make some room in the warehouse you
know um so yeah maybe why don't I pick
why don't I pick out a couple of items
for you that have decent margin okay
that are relatively new arrivals perhaps
um oh God why do we have a sold out
item oh I have a comment here from uh
from nickl oh you could pick up a retro
monitor pet cave see look reviews are in
already and they love it see look great
cave my cats love it so you could pick
up a little pet cave it looks like a
cute little CRT monitor hold on I'll get
to you in a second Dan first I need to
find some stuff with Mar you could buy a
screwdriver uh you could buy do we have
backpacks in stock yes we do you could
buy a backpack you could pick up our
stylish dip dye
hoodie uh what else you could oh you
could get a desk pad you could pick up a
desk pad we have we have desk pads uh
there they are we have lots of different
colors and styles they they really are a
great deal but we do we do have some
margin on them especially if you buy a
smaller size the smaller size ones have
more margin you could buy a T-shirt oh
no our margin sucks on t-shirts uh retro
monitor cave is almost sold out there's
only about 10 left oh
what yeah we burned through almost all
of them last week on The W show oh
balls 14 left 14 left
uh H you could oh you could buy a Labs
phas pullover
hoodie you know what buy buy a
Dropout the Dropout stuff is so
underrated yeah it's so comfortable buy
a Dropout hoodie or Dropout uh track
pant or sweatpants it's all very
comfortable yeah they're really good
it's my favorite stuff to put on after I
like shower after a workout yeah drop
out sweatpants go get them see look
literally five stars good stuff okay
yeah please buy something other than
just the Lost leader and as Nick light
says uh we're losing loads of money
right now so clearly the deal is working
LOL okay what's the best rain gear on
LTT store oh we actually have a really
nice uh we have a really nice jacket
here you go um get this one I know it
says windbreaker but it's um if it was
on any other store it would be called
waterproof but we call it water
resistant because we're pedantic like
that uh but it's rated for 10,000
millimeters which is 10 meters of water
resistance rating um dual layer membrane
Aqua seal zippers we we should we should
probably Market this differently it's a
really really nice jacket very nice
sorry for not being super communicative
I've been using you carrying the show as
time to help Dan not get buried oh right
that's a concern
a lot of them a lot of them are like wow
this is awesome thank you okay cool Dan
got this I'm fine I'm used to this why
don't we do a couple merch messages then
maybe Luke could pick them so that Dan
can keep clicking on I'll be okay okay
Dan's got it don't take his JW he's got
it I have one thing to do here union
grievance don't say that word what
union who
know what is the what everything is fine
here what is the past trauma that I'm
triggering here Dan no nothing nothing
nothing all right uh let's see uh didn't
I already ask you one and then you told
me to shut up let's see I what what is
about the AAA games Scrappy DP asks
which is more profitable the tracksuit
or the Badminton Center
tracksuit easy yeah D you could say that
with a lot of
things
streaming I wonder how much Wan shows
cost you oh dude
I could tell you what don't tell them oh
like the float plane streaming costs oh
I have no idea just one W really what is
one wanch of wait wa wait we're fine
full plan's fine but I thought we don't
even I thought I thought we don't how
many I thought you didn't even know how
many people watch live how can you
possibly know how much it's costing we
know how much data goes through well
then why don't you know how many people
are watching cuz quality levels and all
this other type of thing I bet you could
approximate I've told you forever we can
approximate it's just not accurate oh
yeah this has always been the case how
much does l show cost oh a lot I'd have
to like look it up but like you said you
said you could tell me and then you're
just going to give me a giant this
second well realistically AJ's probably
looking it up already if he's around
almost certainly what I more meant was
the total over the years though okay so
what's that I I have to look it up well
then why
you I feel I feel like I didn't mean I
could tell you right now I was telling
you that's something that I can like
that's a number that I can give for you
and it's really high wait hold on wait
hold on how do people on float plane
know how many viewers there are they say
there's about 800 something viers they
are also guessing based off of the
viewer list but as I have to say every
time the viewer list doesn't work 100%
because there's different add-ons people
can have in their browsers that block
things that result in the viewer list
not showing it so the number CTO be able
to do this we can oh dude no problem no
problem I'll
100 times more the developers we have
right now we'll solve all these
different problems for
you not an
issue problem we have with Flo plane we
can solve very quickly it just takes
lots more money than we're spending
right now no no issue um but yeah the
viewer list is always less than the
actual amount of people watching right
because if someone has ad block on or
something like that or basically always
there's at least a few people in that
category and it's not just ad block not
all ad blockers were blocked this in our
audience privateers uh it's been a while
since the last time we like checked
which things will actually block the
viewer list um if I remember I'm not
going to like go through them right now
but a lot of the popular ones don't um
because it's been like they've UND it's
not a problem and it's it's been
reported enough that it's not a problem
but there are pretty much always um some
that do block it got it it is what it is
it's not something that we've like
worked on because who cares fine yeah
I'm over it yep merch message sure Dan
hello Darius man and cook any thoughts
about the current state of game
optimization oh right you read this
feels like AAA games lately have
increasing minimum requirements with
barely improved Graphics quality cheers
okay it's diminishing returns on
Fidelity so like they're they're making
improvements they might even still be
making 10% improvements but it's 10% on
something that's already really high so
it's hard for you to be able to really
tell and if this highlights anything I
think it's the cleverness of old school
developers the kinds of the kind I
remember watching this this video on
like how they did scope Reflections back
before Reflections weren't a thing and
it was like it was this Wild Thing where
there was like there was like a fake
alternate version of the Skybox of the
like something and it it would invert it
and just like it the whole thing was
fake the whole thing was fake but you
would never notice notice it in a
thousand years of play of playing the
game um and and so a lot of what you're
seeing today is oh but we did scope
Reflections but real and it's super
computationally intensive scope
reflection yeah it's super intensive but
the the meaningfulness to you the
average
gamer is basically zero so it feels like
okay so look at something like
vegetation do you remember the first
game that popped up where they showed
like oops uh where they showed actual
reactive vegetation yeah a character
model like crouching through ferns or
something what game was it was it crisis
2 or somethingis I don't know it was it
was it was it was something but they
there was like this like kind of viral
thing where they showed a a player
character like crouching and going
through like some dense vegetation and
like a like a fern like like like almost
like it was on a hinge like moves out of
the way and then goes back super cool
Conrad said volumetric Footsteps in sand
snow and mud yeah like snowrunner having
like your tires make proper imprints
into the ground stuff like that's crazy
but the thing is that not really anymore
but crazy when Happ we were able to do a
big leaf thing on a hinge you know 15
years ago or whenever that game came out
was it Far Cry it might have been Far
Cry uh Far Cry is such a good game you
should play it you've never played ital
I watched you play it you streamed it
one night um okay so we could do that 15
years ago so now okay you can have like
you know 25 hinges on this plant you
know for this bunch of leaves and this
bunch of
leaves is that making that meaningful a
difference to Everyday gameplay if
you're going from you know 10 polygons
to
12 it's like whoa world changing if
you're going from 10,000 polyg
it's that
AAL so there's a big so there's a big
kind of diminishing returns Factor here
and another another key thing to
understand is that when you're looking
at new games that are coming out how
good they're going to look is so
dependent these days on where we are in
the current generation console life
cycle so what I suspect is that we're
going to start to get and and
realistically we already are starting to
get now that we're deep enough into
PlayStation 5 and Xbox series we're
starting to get games that really do
look and behave meaningfully differently
from the games that were designed for
the last generation consoles and as
developers continue to squeeze more
performance out of these current gen
consoles we're going to start to see
them to we're going to start to see them
utilize them in ways that are more
meaningful to gameplay whether that
comes in the form of more destructive
environment Ms or whether that comes in
the form of more interactive elements in
environments like the like the the
accurate you know tire tracks in the
snow does that change gameplay a lot no
but what I bet you would find is if you
go back and play an older game that just
has two versions of the snow texture one
with a tire mark down the middle of it
and one without it right you're going to
you're going to you're going to be
playing that game and you're going to go
man this feels like janky and cludy yeah
um it's it's small less noticeable stuff
yeah so I think part of it is that it's
not as exciting to go forward as it is
jarring to go backward um and lighting
is a big part of that lighting is so
hard we're also not running into as much
of like uh like when we were growing up
you see like the first 3D game yeah and
it's like oh wow and then you see like
the first 3D game that doesn't look like
butt yeah and it's like oh wow and then
the first 3D game with physics that like
actually matter and stuff like there's
these really big like oh my goodness
technological jumps and now we're we've
we've passed a lot of those I think in
in the sense of the things that we've
traditionally done in video games and
the the the hurdles that are the most
obvious to jump over there's still stuff
that people are going to figure out to
do that's really cool technologically um
but a lot of the obvious ones are done
now um so when a new game comes out I
don't think the graphical Fidelity is
necessarily the main thing that people
are are looking for um like what I I
don't remember the name of that game
that came out recently but it was like
megabytes it was Tiny animal well people
love it because it has an art style the
art style itself matters now there isn't
so many limitations to art style anymore
I mean look at Star Citizen um like
they're just they're just cranking
everything so I don't know yeah I think
that's it all right let's see D Gro
question mark I I don't know remember
when this was
exciting oh boy but it like actually was
yeah like that was that was crazy
yeah wow the bottle comes out like look
at those face yeah yeah you know like
it's and and it's not just you
completely flat like there's a nose you
got a polygon there yeah that's that was
nuts that was wild and like the hair the
hair is like like 20 polygons it's not
just painted onto the circle that is her
head
yeah textured it's textured look at
these textures like that looks like you
know like old and stuff yeah wasn't half
lifee one the first game with the bones
people had
bones I don't remember that maybe if I
understand correctly that it was like
the first game that used skeletal
models I think halflife has always been
like the new tech kind of thing I don't
know if that's accurate or not uh some
people people in chat are saying I think
so there was also there was a huge
amount of innovation movement for a long
time there the TitanFall games a bunch
of the Cod games and stuff like that we
really working on like parkour stuff
sliding different things like that
that's where a lot of technological
advancement was for a while
tral it feels like lighting yeah is like
the main focus of the industry lighting
and Lumen and you really won't notice it
like I said going un and then you'll go
back and you'll be like this just looks
so flat and dull it feels old
don't why lighting color HDR those going
that's a oh that's a big one right like
if you're running one of the latest
games and you're running it on a non HDR
display I I would make the argument that
for a AAA game that's really designed to
be played on you know a thousand nit
Peak brightness display in HDR you are
probably not having the full experience
of what it's supposed to look like
because of how much they're investing in
that lighting technology in that game
yeah and like obviously lighting and
character movement these are things that
people have worked on forever but there
was a bit of a character movement
Renaissance a little while ago with
those games that I mentioned and
lighting has been a huge Focus for a
while now I don't necessarily know
what'll be next but nanite I've been
seeing some interesting stuff with uh
procedural animations so you only have
to make like six poses I mean this is
all real engine five stuff but that's
too Cutting Edge to be included in like
the next couple releases um like
simplifying things now that that we're
getting into super high resolution stuff
uh like polygons and and that sort of
doesn't even matter anymore R Racing is
another big one but again that's
lighting right I don't know remember
when ragd doll physics was the new
hotness yeah that was a huge deal wasn't
that halflife 2 with the Havoc engine
was another huge leader in that I could
watch this over and over and over again
for the rest of my life and still find
it funny
oh my gosh do you guys remember this
Benchmark I never seen this before yeah
it's a it's a ragd doll physics
Benchmark from three
Mark I also do remember the first game I
don't remember what the game was but I
remember um yeah someone said Prince of
Persia was the the big movement game uh
sorry I'm going to come back to what I
was just saying in a second but Brink
actually um search like first shooter
game with parkour movement Brink comes
up I was so incredibly excited for brink
and then they just like borderline lied
about a bunch of stuff and it really
pissed me off and all my friends quit
like almost right away there was
supposed to be uh like a single player
campaign but it was just the multiplayer
maps with like a storyline intro video
thing and then Bots playing the exact
same game mode that multiplayer played
it was just it was BS Brink was Brink
was rough but
it brought parkour movement to the 3D
space right in a really interesting way
that's cool and like all long time
ago rink was released 2011 it's a lot
older than a lot of people
think it's like vaulting and sliding I
hate that 2011 is a lot older than
people think it really is though yeah
yeah if okay uh Dan hit us again sure uh
d grock i often wonder how much
foresight successful business people
have starting out in early lmg did you
envision having a logistics Department a
clothing line Labs or a racket ball SL
land
Center no
no I mean I think having a Testing Lab
yes yeah that was something that I had
wanted from day Zero uh but it was very
expensive and continues to be very
expensive it's a it's a it's a big
challenge to do
scalably
um in any kind of meaningful way like
yeah we could we could test one thing um
no problem but building processes around
it um has proven to be extremely
challenging I mean we knew it was going
to be really hard and you know we're not
giving up um but it turns out we were
right it's really
hard okay last one for to the team for
smooth the lab's website navigates by
the way oh they've got that they've got
a um for oh hold on they've got a new
review up and this is hilarious this
will be the true test of whether LT Labs
can be unbiased or
not it's a review of the Intel Arc
a770 this is a bit of an inside joke but
Gary head of labs is uh is very hopeful
about Intel's prospects in the consumer
GPU space he's been in the industry a
long time a very very very long time
he's been in the industry a long time
and he has been on on pretty much every
side of it um so you guys probably know
he worked at Asus before he was here but
before that he worked as a writer at
anandtech for a number of years and so
he's he's seen the industry from a lot
of different perspectives now he's back
on the media side and what he has
recognized is that Intel for all of
their warts um could be a viable
competitor to keep Nvidia honest and
keep them somewhat focused on
Gamers um anyway so so we we joke about
him being biased towards Ark because he
really is rooting for it to succeed but
he would never allow that to Cloud our
conclusions about a product so that's
the that's the background um but anyway
product overview uh so this was written
up by Oni I think right yep there you go
written up by Oni um so this is this is
handwritten this is
handwritten I believe actually I'm not
sure I'm not sure about the rest of it
but oh look we've got our interactive
Luma field slides so there's our scan of
it and so if you guys want to see the
latest iteration of the site uh you can
interact with the charts you can
actually change the uh colors of the
charts oh how do you do that Luke I
forget how to do that's in your profile
settings so if you click on the Cog
wheel in the top right you can do uh
chart data color presets this this can
be very helpful um if you have a variety
of different uh like
Vision alteration challenges things so
if you if you're color blinded different
ways you can you can adjust it or if you
just have an easier time looking at a
different set of colors you can save it
but it's set for your profile so you
don't change it for every chart you just
change it overall yep thanks I forgot
anyway so the a770 it's a competitive
mid-range card and as long as the price
is right it's actually pretty
viable it you got to admire the
commitment I actually think it's really
cool that they decided to review this so
far after the fact partner cards are
available for as low as $280 yeah making
it pretty darn reasonable I hope battle
mage doesn't suck dude um we've got some
other new reviews up so those of you who
are upset about the AI voice on PSU
circuit uh you yeah here we go uh guys
you do not have to listen to it so the
power supplies that we cover here we've
actually oh we just got a fresh one up
the tough power GF A3 750 watt you can
see these are actually getting like
they're kind of getting views like it's
not a lot obviously but for a unit that
anyone cares
about if we can scale this if we can do
you know 5x that or 10x that this will
be very sustainable in the long term I
hope um but anyway if you're not into
you know AI voice videos you could just
read the articles boom look at that
testing was incomplete due to Hardware
failures this happened with two
different samples and this is why what
we're doing is important guys because
testing a thing one time is fine for
making YouTube videos and it's something
that we have been able to do for a very
very long time
but building a process where we can go
through and we can methodically make our
way through the product cataloges of the
major manufacturers and separate the
wheat from the chaff is really freaking
hard um it takes a lot of equipment it
takes a lot of people power it takes a
lot of time and investment and we're
finally getting there overall Labs does
not recommend this power supply and if
we weren't doing this man there's
categories that are basically dead in
terms of independent validation and
testing exactly and that's YouTube is
where a lot of the money is these days
and there's no money in written so um
yeah I'm I'm so stoked I'm so excited
for what the team is doing uh there was
an interesting thread on the subreddit
asking how will LTT Labs make money and
to answer that um they won't for now but
in the long term uh LTT Labs plan linch
tips.com I'm going to see if I can find
it but I I wrote up uh a blog post like
a thousand years ago where I basically
laid out what the plan is for labs and
guys it hasn't changed uh the plan for
the lab is still the same uh let me see
if I can lab's Vision here we go I think
I think I know of a doc that has it in
it oh goodness this is going to take me
a minute so Luke do you want to stall
for time for me sure you want another
topic um no doesn't want another topic
if you are on the lab's website and you
do want to leave some feedback I know it
it might look like a cookie Banner but
it's not at the top of the page there is
a bluish Banner that uh is asking for
feedback there's a link there to a
Google form if you want to leave your
feedback there it would be appreciated
um as as much as I like talking to you
guys in flow plane chat and wherever
else it's very hard for me to take notes
while I'm on the show and it's a lot
better if you just leave it through the
feedback form okay I found it um and
actually just as an example of how it's
hard to do this sort of thing scalably
uh we had some criticism of our battery
life our our battery longevity test that
running it at
720p uh is stupid essentially um and you
know what you're right there's arguments
that you could make for doing anything
else uh you could do General web
browsing uh you could you could take you
could take uh network connectivity out
of the equation and just you know
perform local tasks you could uh you
could manually determine you could
manually force uh which decoding engine
you're using from YouTube you could that
you could run it at a higher resolution
you could run it at 1080p uh there's all
these different things that you could do
and there's these these different
arguments you could make but at the end
of the day we have to settle on
something and the reason that we settled
on 1080p playback at 200 nits is that
that's a bar that every device can
hit so yeah looking at the latest thing
you guys also have like an so that
that's your like low bar test right do
you also have like an expected use case
test I thought so we have a stress test
okay so we have we have uh an endurance
test and we have a stress test what we
would love to have in the longer term is
a general usage test and a heavy usage
test but not you know with power viruses
but right what you've got to understand
is that so I had someone helpfully
comment and this is a good suggestion it
legitimately is a good suggestion I had
someone helpfully comment in the uh in
the form thread on that uh laptop
testing video that we should really be
benchmarking every laptop uh away from
wall power and it's like yes you're
you're not wrong that's a really good
idea but think about the scalability if
we were testing one laptop no problem
hey John from Labs do you mind uh
benchmarking it again with uh with the
the on the battery okay but how are we
going to scale that how are we going to
ramp that up so that every laptop that
rolls through the door is going to be
able to run in in a in in an automated
fashion all of these different battery
or all of these different performance
tests where a human is going to
ultimately have to be the one who you
know disconnects things or or reconnects
things if we run things away from
Battery as well like the the number of
interventions is something that we have
to consider in all of this and you know
yeah in the long term we'd love to have
a robot that you know plugs it in and
then unplugs it and you know make sure
that the that the charge state stays
optimal so it would have to if so robots
are hard yeah if you had a if you had a
a laptop that had really poor battery
life you might even have to be
constantly monitoring uh the constantly
monitoring like Hardware info to
determine the current charge state so
that you could stop the test plug it
into charge for a little bit unplug it
and then run the next test like there
there's there's the complexity of that
is no problem when you've just got a
human running a test but the complexity
of that when you're trying to figure out
how to create a workflow for this is
very challenging um so we're going to
guys we're going to we're going to
figure it out isn't that what interns
are for no uh we're going to figure it
out but it's going to take a long time
and maybe it will never be
perfect but we're going to continue to
try and do better and better and better
and better um so back to back to the
question of how will LT Labs make money
well it's going to help create content
ideas for LTT which it already does um
affiliate Revenue I do do we have links
already yep oh yeah you guys should use
them yeah I mean not on this power
supply in particular we don't recommend
this power supply but um hey there's
that uh also don't have links on the arc
no well that's cuz you can't buy that
particular card oh um affiliate Revenue
advertising on site this one is unlikely
I hate banner ads so there's that they
also don't make a lot unless you do them
in really annoying really intrusive ways
uh we're getting into less likely things
certification program/ third party
validation um I've laid out my Arguments
for why I don't think it's great uh
turning our testing knowledge into our
product development process so you are
probably going to see some Labs
knowledge in some of our future products
uh pay walls um if we start testing
things to a degree that the only people
who need to know are you know people
making procurement decisions at large
companies then yeah something like that
could happen I want this to be a
resource for consumers though
so this seems unlikely uh direct sales
products through the site
um man sometimes I'm very blunt
um I think it would be a very
interesting outcome though cuz we're in
this kind of dystopian hellscape right
now where we actually shot a video today
that was really interesting to me um we
built the Home Depot gaming
setup yeah right my brain just about
broke too when this was pitched in
writer meeting but you can actually get
a shocking amount of gaming stuff at the
Home Depot what yeah especially
online and one of the one of the
questions that I just uh it wasn't in
the script or anything but just ended up
being just a conversation between me and
Tanner on set was like when did every
trusted retailer turn into a Chinese
Marketplace like when and why happen
yeah yeah that's true so also just in
case anyone was like what like I was
yeah
apparently what if someone started then
from a place of
trust and then was like Hey now that
you're
educated you can get something
good that could be industry changing and
for the better in a big
way yeah I didn't expect things like
like knockoff Apple keyboards
to be sold at the Home Depot Home Depot
it's bizarre
dude that's so
weird anyway is it sold on Home Depot
first party or just third party sellers
on the Home Depot website
that I don't think this is going to be a
hot take I don't think that matters
largely because of what lonus was just
saying any website any store that has
built its reputation for tons and tons
and tons and tons of years and then has
oh it's a third party seller it's not
you know the most obvious piece of
information that you're going to look at
while you look at this page and you can
just order it and buy it whatever it's
it's weird um stores that have third
party stores on them is very odd I don't
like that Amazon does that I don't like
that a lot of these other places do that
I think that should be left to places
like eBay where that is the point of the
website New Egg turned to garbage yes
their main competitive advantage against
Amazon was that they hadn't en ified yet
and then they did it and then they did
it and then they just did it so much
worse now I I used to like that it was
like a little bit of a Haven from that I
didn't know that you had the same
complaint I could tell that like I could
trust newe to have probably somewhere
reasonably close to M MSRP pricing
somewhere close to a representative
selection of what is actually currently
available in the market like that's the
other thing too I I can't even tell what
Hardware is in production anymore Y
unless I what like call up Zotac and ask
for our price list you know because
it'll get they'll have ancient like
refurbished cards all over the site now
from random Chinese sellers I don't have
the page up anymore but when you said
you can't buy that a770 anymore um I I
almost reacted and was like yeah you can
because I had just looked it up but then
I realized oh it's almost certainly just
a seller whatever site I was looking at
it priced it three times what it should
be because I guess they're hoping that
someone's going to come across a
positive review for this card and like
buy it or something I don't and look
being at NC I would occasionally see
people order like long obsolete stuff
for ridiculous pricing I'd be like why
did this happen why I mean they must
need it for some specific reason but
many times it wasn't something that they
would need for compatibility with you
know some weird arcade software you
whatever right I'm technical enough to
know probably that they just straight up
didn't need that but they ordered it
anyway and often at a completely
ridiculous price and what really sucked
is that as NC a lot of the time it was
just a pass through listing from a
distributor a distributor not like a
Chinese you know
Rando yeah so an actual like distributor
who just happened to have one of those
that they like found and it ended up in
the feed and they would sell to us at a
fixed markup so we weren't even like
making ra on this ancient Hardware you
were just paying $600 for some old GPU
and we were making you know 40 bucks on
it or like okay
great rough
yep Zotac that's a throwback that's not
a throwback Z's a zek's a Nvidia partner
now I I think they're doing better now
than they were 10 years ago yeah they
seem to have a pretty good they seem to
have a pretty good reputation these days
yeah
when I first got into computer stuff no
no slight to Zotac but when I first got
into computer stuff Zotac was the kind
of not as good brand they like oh you
got one of those like I guess you wanted
to like save money on that part of your
computer they don't have that perception
anymore and for good reason in my
opinion red Fogle says did some digging
your titanium heat exchanger is probably
responsible for killing your water
cooling titanium sacrifices copper one
small problem um the other fittings are
perfect there's no reason for me to
believe that that specific
one is going to be the one that access
the sacrificial anode also the fitting
is made of
brass which my understanding is um is
that a similar spot like basically you
need metals that aren't too far away
from each other on whatever the scale is
it's been a while since I've looked it
up and I'm spotty on the details but uh
copper and brass are extremely close to
each other so it is possible that uh you
know titanium would find brass instead
of copper as well but I I sincerely do
not believe that that is it I I have a
better Theory that's based on my
conversation with
EK all right oh sponsors my goodness are
we at sponsor time already good gravy uh
the show is brought to you
by someone I'm not on the dock anymore
whoops I can get it no I got it eof flow
power outages got you cooking your pizza
by
candlelight um our sponsor ecoflow wants
to keep those bad experiences in the
dark and bring light to your life and
your pizza with their new Delta Pro 3
what the these are getting more and more
unhinged I like this one it's a portable
backup solution designed to power your
home appliances the Delta Pro 3 can
energize almost anything thanks to its
4,000 excuse me watt output via 120 volt
or 240 volt you can even expand this
capacity to a whopping 12,000 Watts with
their extra battery kits wait that
doesn't sound right why would the for up
to 48 kilowatt hours that it can deliver
more wattage if you oh because you'll
have to have three of the of the actual
like generator units okay * four that
makes sense there or of the of the of
the of the yeah okay whatever you guys
get it charging the Delta pro3 is a
breeze with its seven total methods of
charging these charging methods can also
be combined for fast um fast
multi-charging solution yeah that's
pretty cool because it can actually be
charged at such a high rate that it's
like kind of not that conceivable that
you will be able to charge it at its
full speed off of like one plug um we
are using the Delta Pro 3 at our smash
Champs Badminton Center to provide
backup power for our networking systems
in case of outages it's really heavy to
learn more check out our video from last
week or check out the ecoflow website
Linked In the video
description these things are super cool
they actually have fast enough failover
that you can use them as a UPS as well
oh wow yeah um the is also brought to
you by Squarespace they have the power
to boost your online presence tired of
looking like a geoc c's nightmare we
feel you I love that website instead of
dragging your feet on coding a site you
can literally just drag and drop with
Squarespace blueprint it's designed to
give you a great layout and styling
options so your website is optimized for
every device they also have integrated
optimized SEO tools that help your site
rank higher in search results which
means more people will find your site
more easily Squarespace makes shopping
easy too they accept credit card PayPal
and even Apple pay to give your
customers flexibility and of course we
use Squarespace to build our website too
so no more late night spent Googling why
is my website broken broken you can use
squarespace's 24/7 support to help you
build your dream website today start
building and receive 10% off your first
purchase by visiting squarespace.com
slw finally the show is brought to you
by Corsair not everything bigger is
better especially when your hands are
the size of baby kittens um what what
but fear not H our sponsor Corsair has
come to the rescue with the K65 plus
wireless keyboard it's a 75% keyboard
designed to free up your desk space
allowing for more Mouse movement uh this
isn't in our talking points but it can
also help with ergonomics cuz it'll help
you not have such a wide stance for your
arms oh yeah totally it helps keeps your
keep your arms better aligned with your
shoulders uh it uses preed Corsair mlx
red linear switch es that help make them
smooth like butter and with two layers
of sound dampening it will reduce
unwanted pings and Clacks you can easily
connect your devices with 2.4 GHz
wireless Bluetooth or wired USB if
that's still your thing and it boasts
266 hours of battery life on a single
charge basically you can game like this
what am I what what are we supposed to
see for like a week straight without a
recharge I don't know what the visual is
supposed to be I think game like this
means just wirelessly all right learn
more about the k6 five plus wireless at
the link you press a button in the video
description not this nice you can game
for
like oh well I automatically inserted
word with my eyes
nice yeah lus is getting
worse hey it's over guys got him I got
some more merch messages here for you
all right hit me Dan all right let's see
if I can find one uh hello wait hold on
why don't we do a topic or two first we
we've done very few topics yeah okay all
right according to xf1 Senior Systems
engineer Dan Drury know as engine mode
11 on Twitter Formula 1 cars have an IP
address when asked if this meant that
the car could be hacked jury replied
that the external actors aren't the main
concern with this system it's the
internal Electronics team who might
accidentally connect to the wrong car or
Flash the engine control unit of a car
that is already running Drury then
implied that this kind of thing had
happened before and had destroyed the
engine of the car in
question according to Drury he had the
unfortunate job of trying to deploy
Wi-Fi track side and the amount of noise
and overlapping networks in the pit Lane
gave him an
aneurism discussion question would you
be comfortable driving this type of car
if you knew somebody could accidentally
remote detonate the engine I mean
there's lots of cars that are very
hackable
and there's certain reasons I am happy
that I still have the car that I have um
o actually I want to derail
this you had a big budget let's say uh
100 Grand US whoa so you got a big car
budget that's like a lot of Canadian
dollars that's a lot of can it's like
135,000 something like that 130 140,000
Canadian so you can basically buy any
any car like functionally like obviously
okay you're not getting a tricked out G
wagon but you wouldn't so it doesn't
matter um so you got you got 100 Grand
and really what I'm getting at here is
moderner features versus less moderner
features but like you could get a really
nice older car for that money or you
could buy something new that would also
be really
nice but it might report your driving
habits to your insurance company for
example a hypothetical example it's not
like that happened
recently in the last month or
so um talk to me 100 Acuras stop it Dan
I like
that I was thinking you get seven cars
in seven colors and then you can have
one for every day of the week yeah I
think the biggest issue at that point
would be parking them no you just leave
it just like like you go millionaire
mode but like under where you only wear
it once except it's cars yeah yeah
exactly uh an old imported Japanese
Helix would be cool
um the the only like I
think I don't know this might bother
some people but driving electric cars is
I find very not
satisfying so dropping the gas engine
makes me kind of sad also it would be
incompatible with where I live we have
one parking spot that you can charge a
car in and uh Emma already has an
electric car so
like me having an electric car would be
like actually genuinely very annoying um
I'd have to like live off of the plugs
here which a lot of people do which a
lot of people do do or I'd be having to
swap our our parked positions like
constantly that would be a pain in the
butt which would be very annoying so
like I don't really want to do that if I
if I did do that um there was
uh you mean
hux yeah that's what he said right I
said Hilux I don't know whatever do
people call it hux it's a Japanese word
anyway so yeah fair enough I have no
idea um what's the name of that b the
the uh the cars have those like tall
vertical oval headlights oh rivan rivan
there was a somewhat recent rivan
announcement uh
um is it the
r3x is that it but I thought you didn't
want an electric I
don't but then like what else is super
modern that I would want I don't
know one of these one of it's on my
screen one of
these yeah r3x r3x it didn't look quite
the same as what was on your screen but
I don't know I
L because hon there's a 0% chance I buy
one yeah I know so like I guess what I
wanted to know is would you would you
give up that peace of mind of knowing
that your car cannot be remotely
accessed for modern Creature Comforts
and performance that's the question I
think I will have to eventually I'll be
somewhat forced to Canada is making it
so that uh all new cars that get sold
their electric cars all electric cars
are going to have these types of
features in them um I don't think
there's any getting away from that even
though it's completely unnecessary you
don't have to have an electric car that
has all these smart features and we
could have cheaper cars that don't have
them um I don't think anyone's going to
go that route I don't think there's
going to be cars that are available that
way um yeah I don't really want them
like I I'll I'll drive my my partner's
car and I'll like intentionally want to
drive in a certain
way but her like Lane assist thing will
like and I'm like that was actually
dangerous pretty much every time it
happens cuz I was like I knew what I was
doing I was intending to do the thing
that I was doing I was driving with
intention and properly and then the car
was like nope go over there and it's
like Whoa man I don't know I found that
especially bad when you're driving like
construction areas cuz they'll traffic
cone you across a line I'm not supposed
to signal right now but if I don't
signal the car is going to try to rip me
over and it's like man this is not cool
actually I don't really like those types
of features I understand they might help
some people that's cool whatever I don't
want them personally um I also have no
interest in my car being tracked I have
no interest in any of that type of stuff
I don't need any of those features I
don't care my car doesn't have apple uh
play my car doesn't have uh whatever the
Android one is Android auto I don't care
I just Bluetooth my phone into it it's
fine it's pretty nice I don't care
Android auto was a game changer for me I
would never buy a car without it why
what what particular feature uh just
Maps I just put my phone up yeah but
it's like it's wireless now so you just
don't do anything you just literally
have your phone in your pocket and
you're just in your car and then
everything just works I get in my car
with my phone in my hand and I
go and then it's done which is which is
fine but I don't I don't need to spend
like an incredible amount more money to
automate that I could do that just fine
I'll be all right right I don't know I
love it I'm not against it to be clear I
I don't have a huge issue with like
Android auto being in my car I just
don't care at all because my phone can
do the thing already gaining no
functionality B Bob says Luke just
disrupted Android auto yeah with with
with
phones no people like this stuff I I
understand I'm I'm not in the majority
here um I just don't care I yeah that's
fair yeah luk is the biggest Tech leite
I don't agree either um I just don't
care about that yep um I care more about
what my car can do how resilient my car
is those types of things see I'm
surprised you didn't come up with
something cool like this was posted by
langly man in the chat you could buy two
of these 94 RX7 5-speed manual extensive
modifications dang I I almost after a
cold shower you know my car that I have
outside was almost RX7 I was shopping
for rx7s before I got that one the
reason why I didn't get one cuz I don't
fit very well in the car yeah that's
fair it's very
small po cool though rotary engine well
maybe this guy's done a lot of work to
it it might be something else at this
point but oh there's there's no way you
could still call it an RX7 without
having a rotary engine and come on yeah
people still would the good old wanker
modal wanker modal W wanker whatever I
thought it was wle it's wankle I'm just
okay I was just trying to get you to and
then I like did it wrong don't wor oh my
God it's so funny I can't people like
enthusiasts for this stuff are so
predictable every single time I I say
that they immediately unironically
correct me it's like guys I know I know
that's Pro that's probably like that's
probably my phone blowing up from
someone internally who's upset about it
just relax I know yes
wankle okay I'm 6'4 and fitting in na
Miata I've I've actually had people tell
me that I should try sitting in a Miata
my biggest thing is um I'm like tall
average I'd say um but almost all my
height is in my torso it's weird I'll
sit next to people that are many inches
taller than me and we look the same
height and then we stand up and I'm like
short compared to them it's it's it's
odd um
I I constantly get people that will
because like if I sit up my chair is at
the bottom his is at the top and if I
sit up properly I'm still taller than he
is people constantly at shows will come
up to me and say that I'm a lot shorter
than they expected did you know this
really I get that every single time I go
to a show at least one person and the
the answer is always because they see
our Delta and expect me to be like
enormous right okay and I'm like well no
my torso is just really tall and we're
often auto correcting for like leg
length I don't know whatever it is what
it is so I I have traditionally had a
bit of an issue with sitting in cars but
everyone tries to like scoot their seat
up to give me extra leg room and I'm
like yeah that's actually not the
problem that's like not going to help me
very much at all actually my legs are
probably fine for Luke it's tough to be
luke it's all right
actually um what else we got today ah
yes the FTC tells tech companies to fix
their bloody warranty policies they've
sent warning letters to azrock gigabyte
and Zotac for placing warranty void of
removed stickers on and in their
products according to the FTC this
wording May discourage users from
maintaining and repairing their devices
in violation of their legal rights
furthermore the FTC warned that implying
that continued warranty coverage
requires the use of specific parts or
Services may result in law enforcement
action according to the letters
companies have 30 days to review their
promotional materials and warranties and
to correct any
violations I like that did they send
them to other companies or are these
just the companies that are like
interesting to our audience uh I don't
know that's a good question it would
feel pretty weird if it was like singled
out to these three companies to be
honest eight companies okay that makes a
little bit more sense ays Health blue
Air medify air oransi treadmill company
in movement ASRock Zotac and
gigabyte companies that market and sell
gaming PCS Graphics chips motherboards
and other accessories this is good
though yeah it's good more do it yeah do
it okay what else we got today oh we're
supposed to do a couple oh we're
supposed to do topics or merch messages
Dan well it's up to you uh we're out of
order now uh we still got about I don't
know 45 minutes until when after dark so
you're in charge um let's do those three
cuz we got to do them at some point sure
sure yeah can do let's see um hello w.
Dill pickles lus now that you're
officially 5 months post beard how's it
going personally think you look much
better without it um wow that's a
controversial take I I I still H should
I go get it yeah I'll go get it yeah
I'll be right back all right is there
another one I can answer uh yeah I think
I have one here for Luke nice
um hi guys hope you're all well Luke
hope your brother is enjoying his job
I've been in the service here in for 7
months now has your brother told you
about any cool Tech used at
work uh he talks to me about like the
the different features on the trucks
like I I went to his Hall to tour his
Hall one time and he was showing me some
of the features on the trucks that were
really interesting and cool um the
wildlands truck is super interesting um
but outside of that I don't I don't
particularly think
so unless we we we've probably had this
conversation but yeah I don't know I
don't think so unless you're talking
about the features on the trucks got
another one for you you're talking me
about new helmets that are getting soon
they look super sick I don't know
yeah go for Yeah question for slick I
think that's you right yeah do you feel
that roles of tech lead and engineering
manager are distinct particularly for
software engineering
roles uh if you have both yeah I don't
think you necessarily need to have both
I think you can have a person who fills
both of those roles but I think it's
also uh like if you have two people
doing those two roles they're different
roles but I do think that it is possible
for one person to do both if that makes
sense um I I don't think a ton of people
are going to want to do both they're
quite different things one of them is
more management of people and the other
one is more management of like tasks and
quality and standards and different
things like that um so you could find
someone that wants to do both but I
often find that people that like doing
the tech lead side of things don't want
to deal with the more management side of
things and the managing side of things
people often can't do the other side so
it is what it
is Tech lead is closer to an IC yeah
exactly
yeah
wow wow it looks pretty good
actually
okay so to catch those of view up uh who
don't know about this I'm working on a
little painting project uh on my bike so
uh ignore this part that's kind of a
lighter shade the inner part has the
effect layer applied to it and
unfortunately right so I'm keeping the
beard off until at least until hold on
hold on we'll get to it I'm keeping the
beard off at least until I finish this
so that I can maintain a good seal with
my mask now looks pretty cool right well
one small
problem when I spin it if you look here
you can
see it's not
even so I didn't manage to get the mid
coat even enough this has to be blasted
and completely
redone unfortunately yikes
yeah oh we're getting there y I'm
learning a lot though having fun um get
it balanced at a tire shop yeah yeah
thing that's not yeah that's not
what that's good that is pretty good so
uh anyway the good news is that the
evenness on the frame seems good enough
and that was by far most of the work
that I've done so far and because it's
not in motion the same way you won't
notice as much if there is a little bit
of unevenness um but the wheels
absolutely just need to be need to be
completely redone you should take this
opportunity to do a
mustache no I really don't need to do
that you could though sideburns into
mustache so I think the sideburns are
still potentially an issue with the mask
if they go far enough that's true but
the mustache is a classic because it
doesn't interfere with the mask you just
got one of the whole head mask things
right and then it just seals at the neck
no okay I got one more here for you and
then you can move on uh hi LDL I'm an
intern at a company who makes lii and
know that's not a spelling mistake have
you ever heard of this
uh if so any thoughts love the vids keep
them up yeah it's it requires um direct
line of site in order to to transfer
data right yeah light to transmit data
and position between devices yeah it's
super cool if I recall correctly there's
also a wireless power that we made a
video about like ages ago and like not
you know dangerous microwave your flesh
Wireless power like like totally like
working Wireless power like you just
like a wireless powerhub and uh as long
as it has line of sight to a device they
negotiate a link and like you could just
charge a Dev like your phone if it had a
receiver for it you could just like pop
it on the desk and it would just sit and
charge um but they just haven't seen the
kind of adoption that they would need in
order for um them to gain any momentum
neither of them as far as I can tell
what does uh what does what does lifi
like do these days why does it matter
now I can't remember military security
oh yeah okay yeah any areas that are
susceptible to electromagnetic
interference yeah okay I could see that
being kind of useful but I just don't
really I just don't really see what the
point of it would be for
consumers I don't think it is super
consumer like the the second thing on
people also ask when you just Google
lifi is why did lifi fail uh but people
clearly still make it not just because
of this merch message but because
there's like stuff possible to be
purchased so I'm sure there's industries
that use it and probably use it quite
well but yeah I I don't think it picked
up on the consumer side yeah I still
remember I still why why charge
technology I still remember when I saw
these guys at computex they had a they
had a train running in their booth that
was being powered wirelessly it had no
batteries in it um and so we invited
them out to kind of do a demo on site
for us and we basically just have their
their wireless
transmitter uh
somewhere I forget where it
is
um yeah somewhere where is it yeah there
it is so it was like a light fixture
that had the wireless trans power
transmitter in it and it could power
this train I think we showed the train
running in the intro yeah yeah yeah
there you go so I'm sitting in the
middle of it to show yeah there's no
wires there's
no no uh no cables no Tom Foolery Just
Wireless power being transmitted to
these uh these little trains that's kind
of wild yeah and it didn't take off
because this has been debunked guys
there's nothing to Bunk or debunk it
works what are you talking
about
um the problem is that the cost didn't
make any sense to integrate into devices
that was the Challenge and so when I
talked to them at this point 6 years ago
uh they were thinking less along the
lines of you know convincing phone
manufacturers to to work a you know a
receiver into their extremely space
constrained devices and we're thinking
more along the lines of like
retrofitting facilities for example so
um you know like if you're a cafe you
have your wireless power transmitter in
the middle of the cafe and then you have
receivers built into the tables and now
you can offer phone charging through a
USB cable like at the table um but you
don't have to go like wire up all your
tables right so that was one of the
ideas that they were exploring but it
just
didn't clearly didn't work out cuz I'm I
I doubt these guys still exist at this
point I haven't I haven't heard about
them since
then oh dude do they still exist hold on
a second what are what what are they up
to okay what's y charge up to uh air
cord okay
Partners no drop down that's uh not a
good sign yeah belon
though okay various sensors embedded in
the displays L for detailed store
Insight oh interesting okay okay so
they y spot advertising display why Fred
smart locks that's a pretty good use
case actually those little displays in
stores cuz you wouldn't want to run
power to every single shelf and then
along every single shelf if you could
avoid it but having something in the in
the roof of like one of those like
industrial style open roofs is easy to
do air cord products come on show me
products air cord applications electric
Shades digital signage smart faucet
electric tooth um I mean really is this
is this a mockup or is this a
product your toothbrush current
limitations battery power is limiting
blah blah blah live in stations now this
this all looks like this all looks like
mockup still to me where is an actual
deployment of this charging pad game
controller like no no no no okay digital
signage do you have any actual yeah
bunnies these are these are different
things
man um what what's what's bunnies
linking to different
things uh yeah I don't know bunnies
you're you're you're being exhausting
right now
um I can't tell what these guys are
actually doing right now if
anything marketing it
sales why charge
Europe okay hold on a
second why charge
Korea you should just call them just
call them right now yeah what do you
guys
do I mean they're apparently hiring
although I uh I heard about this
recently apparently it's a thing that
companies will do where they'll post a
whole bunch of like fake job postings on
their site so they look like they're suc
to make it seem like they're successful
and growing thing so half of these could
be fake for all I know but apparently
they are hiring people whether that's
true or not I have no idea do they still
post on social
media not since September of 2023
anyway good luck
guys I trust an actual engineer rather
than a tech
demo I I don't know what to I don't know
what to tell you I personally looked at
the train there's no battery in it so it
has limitations which we very clearly
discussed in our video it has has many
limitations in terms of the number of
devices that it can Target at a time in
terms of the amount of power that it can
transmit but it very much works there's
nothing to Bunk or debunk or unbun or
whatever exactly it is that you're
talking about it might not be good for a
lot of consumer applications might not
make a ton of sense but it definitely
works and it's definitely
real all right what else we got
today want to pick a topic uh sure
let's
see ready so we already did our main
topics that's good we're
moving uh fake news sites are pretending
to be local American Media Outlets a
network of websites likely based out of
Russia
are uh are producing large amounts of AI
fabricated news stories while pretending
to be local American News sources they
are using a combination of relatively
generic newspaper names like the Boston
times as well as the titles of old
defunct news outlets the story
themselves seem designed to appeal to a
certain American audience uh using
charged political narratives and tropes
the most prominent of these fake stories
was the claim that the wife of the
president of Ukraine used American
military aid money to buy A4 million
euro bu Bugatti from a shop in
Paris the claim was quickly debunked uh
as the forged invoice published
alongside it contained several errors
likewise Bugatti released a public
statement denying the allegation
not that they'd probably be super public
about their client list anyways uh
nonetheless the claim was spread widely
over social media particularly through
American political influencers
additionally a study by newsguard has
found that prominent AI chat Bots are
absorbing information from these kinds
of
websites and will often regurgitate
political propaganda as fact citing
propaganda Outlets as legitimate
sources I don't think anything here is
new no it's not new but it's um what
what's interesting about this particular
um network is just
how how big it appears to be and how
quickly it seems to be growing so just a
just a shout out for our American
friends out there just because a website
looks kind of trustworthy just because
there's a lot of other sites publishing
the same story does not necessarily mean
that the story is true I I would also
say this is probably happening more or
less everywhere it's just most likely
being pushed on the timing yeah yeah for
there also election stuff Brewing up
here though yep oh 100% 100% it's
America is probably one of the juiciest
targets it's probably happening there a
lot I'm not trying to say y that I'm
just saying this is something you should
be aware of everywhere so just just
watch out guys because the power of chat
GPT has made it has made it extremely
easy and extremely fast and not just
chat GPT like there's there's so many
large language models these days that
can create powerful uh
emotionally
um emotional content that uh generates a
strong reaction from people and the the
the longer this goes on the better
they're going to get at it because you
know they're going to be feeding back
into these models what went viral what
didn't and they're going to be looking
for patterns so please watch out guys
yeah and in other but related news
because I I thought these two things
would actually connect somewhat
interestingly uh is Apple D list vpns in
Russia Apple has folded due to pressure
from the Russian government and removed
several VPN apps from its Russian App
Store Russian citizens will no longer be
able to download or upload update these
apps in Russia at least because you
could be a Russian citizen that isn't in
Russia um though those who already have
them will be able to use them the
Kremlin has enacted strict online
censorship for its citizens including
blocking many dependent news outlets and
popular social media sites the
government recently banned advertising
or popularizing vpns including
publishing instructions on how to set up
a VPN back in March Apple also removed
an app developed by the team of now
suspiciously deceased opposition
politician uh
Al uh this app would have advised users
on how to coales around specific
opposition political candidates rather
than uh splitting their votes across
several candidates this is the whole not
having ranked first or ranked Choice
voting issue however Apple has not sold
products in Russia since the invasion uh
and I think this
is not surprising yeah uh because I
think there's a lot of issues with
Western countries right now where having
a free and open web which is fantastic
has resulted in a lot of battle for mind
share by everyone in the world in a way
that I think people wouldn't necessarily
expect and if I was an authoritarian
government I'd be looking at any country
with a free and open web going oh wow
that's easy to take advantage of and
then you're having that thought and
going huh maybe ours shouldn't be the
same I I yeah I get it um I mean Luke's
saying he gets it in terms of why Russia
is putting the pressure on Apple what
I'm trying to understand here is how
Apple can bang their drum about caring
so so so Huggy muggy much about user
privacy while also folding to pressure
like
this and look it's one thing if Apple's
just like yep we're going to we're going
to value your privacy as much as we feel
like it um you know so deal with it like
if they were upfront about it I this I
wouldn't even talk about this um but
they
don't langly man says I take it the
Russian government has not responded to
Linus's offer to buy
icq not at this
time uh what else we what else we got
Nintendo says there will be enough
switch Twos for everybody Nintendo's
President says that the company has a
bold plan to reduce scalping at the
launch of the switch 2 by making enough
consoles to meet demand that is that is
an interesting approach I think this is
interesting for a bunch of reasons the
company likewise claims that the
semiconduct shortages that caused supply
chain issues in 2022 and 2023 have been
resolved and will not affect the next
console's launch Nintendo's president
likewise stated that the company isn't
in any rush to embrace generative AI
saying it poses potentially serious
issues with IP infringement he likewise
expressed that the company will continue
to create valuable experiences for
gamers that cannot be achieved through
technology
alone should I just invest in Nintendo
and be done with it like they they seem
to on the one hand they seem like just
butt heads sometimes but on the other
hand they seem to have a Clear Vision
you know for the next hundred years keep
doing the thing we've been doing for
over a hundred years I mean it's kind of
worked out it's kind of working out for
them isn't it yeah um the interesting
thing about this for me though is how
well do you think the switch 2 is going
to
do with the right games great and
nintend has been on a bit of a wi had a
lot of the right games did it though
yeah name them uh Mario Kart 8 that's
one Super Smash Bros okay two Mario
Brothers which one whatever one came out
on the Wii U exactly well I don't know
what one came out on the
[Applause]
switch wow that was a short list Galaxy
no like they had all the like The Usual
Suspects they had all the usual suspect
Nintendo games you would expect I'm
pretty sure yeah breath of the wild know
breath of the wild was on the Wii U but
realistically the switch had sold more
units than the Wii U by the time breath
of the wild launched and that was a
launch title so like let's not let's not
let's be real here breath of the wild is
a switch game Splatoon was actually a
great game um that came out on Wii U Wii
U had a bunch of good titles genuinely
okay but I think Nintendo is defining
like Banger as like 30 million units now
it didn't have a ton of 30 million I
mean I think didn't sell a ton of
consoles it had good games they
re-released them on switch and then they
blew up okay that's true they were that
happened many times Mario Kart 8 Deluxe
is literally just Mario Kart that's fair
and it exploded on S that's fair um I
don't I don't know man it's it's tough I
think that they might be to your point
walking into the same trap as last time
where people think that it's basically
just you know uh well my thing is that I
I think to somewhat of a cycle it's like
aren't they on an every other console
cycle just like a lot of other things
are on an every other whatever they make
cycle like Wii U was bad Wii U was great
then it was GameCube before that right
yeah GameCube actually
sold we did it flop the GameCube was not
very
competitive but Nintendo 64 was a killer
wasn't it uh Nintendo actually like
struggled a fair bit there GameCube sold
2.74 million units and N64 moved 32 so
GameCube was a big step down from the
success of the N64 and the
N64 compared to the PlayStation
one uh sold a third as many like
Nintendo was was crazy yeah PlayStation
one was a
killer well I hope it goes well for them
it's it's a fairly bold take to say like
we're going to combat scalpers cuz
there's going to be enough switch Twos
for everyone yeah that's a that's a
really strong T they may be right I mean
the rumor is the hardware has basically
been finished for over a year and game
developers are just like working on
games now so they they may pull it off
where they're basically they insane
launch list we're going to have a great
great game library and we're going to
have ample availability let's go I do
wonder if there would be
a I I do wonder if there would be like a
negative impact to having enough though
like think about part of the hype cycle
is people can't buy them yeah think
about how often it's in the news like
when someone scalps it or when it
reaches a new high on eBay or blah blah
blah blah blah as annoying as it was for
everyone that you couldn't buy ps5s like
at all everyone was talking about how
PlayStation was winning the war because
you couldn't buy ps5s yeah and you could
find an Xbox on a shelf yeah so I wonder
if the Optics of there being enough
switch twos will actually be terrible
Wonder that's why they're seeding this
maybe trying to like tell people early
there's going to be enough it's still
interesting I
promise oh man we've got a few more
things to talk about here
uh YouTube adds takedown requests for
deep fakes YouTube has added the ability
for people to request the removal of
realistic synthetic impersonations a
image video or audio while deep fake
misinformation can be reported by
anybody only the relative person or
their relative only the relevant person
or their Guardian will be able to
request removal of these kinds of fakes
that makes sense however a request
doesn't necessarily guarantee removal
there are other factors that go into the
decision such as whether the synthetic
impersonation is clearly marked as AI
generation whether or not it's realistic
enough to be believable whether the
person is shown doing something
reputation damaging or whether the
impersonation is a work of parody so it
sounds like there's a lot of gray area
here YouTube is likewise rolling out an
erase song feature which will allow
creators to remove copyright claimed
music from a video while keeping the
rest of the audio intact that's super
cool love
that and should we move to after dark is
there anything else here that you
particularly feel the need to talk about
um no no no no oh actually the EU
charging meta is not bad under the
digital markets act so saying that
meta's EU specific version of its social
platforms where users can choose either
a paid ad free subscription or a free
account with targeted ads doesn't go far
enough to comply with the spirit of the
law according to EU Regulators meta must
offer an equivalent non-personalized
service to users who choose that to not
have targeted ads I love it the EU has
previously laid similar charges against
Apple for their anti- steering rules
preventing thirdparty Sellers from
directing customers toward other payment
options m Microsoft has been charged
over its bundling of teams with the rest
of their productivity Suite on the
grounds that it gives teams an unfair
distributional advantage over other
messaging services love it good job EU
you screwed up some stuff recently but
this is good all right let's do it it's
after dark time yeah
Dan and wow after dark is brought to you
by private internet access I think right
I don't know yes yeah you can get a
special deal exclusive to us by using
the link in the video description in
terms of why you would want a VPN hey if
you don't know there's a solid chance
you don't need one but if you're a
filthy pirate then um you might want to
use
one if you're in Russia get a Android
and side load it yeah I guess I guess I
guess I mean we're not this is not legal
advice no like you could end up dead
yeah so careful with that
yeah all right Russia watch out I'm not
saving you from this one
Luke go ahead D on hey from the UK uh
would LTT ever consider doing more
formal merch like suits I work in a
formal setting but would still love to
rep some merch no that would be the most
Niche thing ever uh thank you for the
wonderful suggestion we'd sell at least
four yeah we could do we could do LTT uh
LTT produc cosplay outfits while we're
at it you know nice that might sell just
as many we'll we'll do the tuxedo and
The
Mask so you can cosplay formally yeah
that's pretty good
oh did you get it now the mask yeah
anyway don't uh let's see what I thought
you were talking about the mask cuz he
wears a suit in that show that no no no
no no no no I'm talking about Tuxedo
Mask oh from Sailor Moon oh no I thought
you talking about uh here one sec see
look he wears a suit yeah no I know yeah
the mask you know what I did watch Happy
Gilmore
recently it holds up shockingly
well I watched it with my we talked
about that earlier in this show did we-
oh it was preow never mind I haven't
heard this story before okay forget it
anyway I love Happy Gilmore still and uh
my son was like busting a gut uh
watching it with me it was great yeah no
this would be the
cosplay uh my understanding is you would
probably get sued into a bivion I mean
really can they sue you for making a
tuxedo and a mask Ian he doesn't even
have a mask so our mask would be an
original addition to the
outfit all right all right if you like
Adam Sandler no no no no no no no to be
clear I'm not saying that I think every
Adam Sandler movie is great um this is a
funny conversation I had on set today uh
during the pandemic uh Tanner in his so
apparently tried to watch all 50 or 60
or whatever Adam Sandler
movies why I don't I don't know but um a
game that Tanner started playing was is
there a woman in this movie who finds
Adam Sandler irresistibly attractive
nice and it was all but one nice
literally even his like first like
self-funded like indie film apparently
had a woman character who found him
irresistibly attractive it's just like
is that bad that's a very normal Trope
in stories it is but it just seems to
happen a lot in an Adam Sandler in Adam
always the main character isn't he yeah
oh yeah and there's almost always going
to be a love interest for the yeah I
don't know so what you're saying is that
your film written by you directed by you
and starring you which will never happen
would have you be irresistibly
attractive to a member of the opp wanted
to have a love interest part of the
thing which is extremely normal
especially in comedy things then yeah
probably okay
but you'd be irresistibly attractive
obviously I mean I I wouldn't argue
against it to be very
clear I think it's just
easy normal like I'm just not surprised
I guess is what I'm saying I'm not
saying it's necessarily good it's not
deep but he's probably writing a comedy
so that part of the show/ movie is
probably not supposed to be super deep
so like I don't know I mean you'd
probably go with the nepotism route and
just hire your current partner and then
you would also save money it's so much
easier yeah yeah then you don't have to
fight about the scenes yeah exactly yeah
yeah all right let's see I have
personally experienced new egg and
Amazon selling returned used
motherboards as new and trying to hide
it there are security and antiche
Hardware ID bands uh concerns with this
thoughts that's terrible that sucks I'm
sorry to hear that I think that's been a
thing that people have been talking
about for a bit I haven't experienced it
luckily
I think man the more I think about call
it out every time it happens the more I
think it's time for ltab
store.com just like we only carry stuff
that we validate is good and we only we
only sell you know not scummy stuff and
we just are what do you do with stuff if
you end up like if okay this thing is
good we buy a certain amount of it we
have a certain amount of sell through
rate of that thing and then a new thing
comes in that we review that we think is
better um with the stuff that now isn't
as good well you have to assume that
just because it isn't as good relative
to new stuff doesn't mean it's not good
if you if if something
changes just like throw it all out no um
what we would probably have to figure
out is some kind of negotiation with
manufacturers where based on our
purchase terms we can we can stock
rotate inventory if they screw it up I
mean stock rotation is a thing it's
difficult to negotiate but it is a
thing and maybe they should not screw up
their
stuff yeah maybe it could
work Mt Economist says wake up babe new
Linus debt Source just dropped yeah
really more oh yeah if you want to do it
we'll figure it out oh yeah well no it's
going to be up to the management team I
I don't just make unilateral decisions
anymore nice hey sorry hey Lan Duke and
dinus this is for lonus but what
improvements do you think need to be
made to Baby Tech besides just security
to make it semi- worth picking up also
when more tall sizes um man I got to be
honest with you we didn't use much we
used a baby monitor so just uh just a
live audio feed uh I i' I'd love to have
better range on that
I guess um I know a lot of people use
video ones now they were expensive back
when back when I got a baby monitor and
I also I just like never really felt
like I needed it like it's in a it's in
a cage like what do you what do you need
to see exactly it yells when it's mad um
and you know what there's edge cases
right where something goes wrong and
your video baby monor monitor could have
been the you know the thing that saved
it or whatever and so you might swear by
it you know personally but we it never
really came up for us I feel like that's
a statement only someone who's had
multiple kids would say cuz like that
that sounds like something that's
similar to like something that I'd hear
Colton
say I mean yeah but what do you really
want it's in a cage it'll yell if it's
mad sounds sounds very like everyone
that I know that has multiple kid sounds
like that well look you just what you
realize is that there's only so much
time and energy and and this thing is
sapping both of them from you at at a
rate that is as as great as you allow it
to be
like our first child okay I'm not saying
it's bad to be clear it's just our first
child every bottle every Soother you
know anything that could have possibly
gone in his mouth man we were on it with
the boiled water and the like we had
like the special like we were so worried
about using the same towel to put things
on to dry it out twice because it might
have like milk molecules from the last
time sitting bacter on this towel from
from the last time so like you know if
he dropped one of his little like like
tooth Soother toys or something man that
was going straight in the pile to be
disinfected and then you know cleaned
and then we could give it back to him
after it had been you know air dried or
whatever and then by the time it was our
second one it was like a quick rinse
under the sink here you go and then by
the time we came around to the third one
wipe it on the pants pop it back in her
mouth and she's good to go right like
it's because you don't they're all fine
you don't have time for that and I think
that's something that a lot of um a lot
of people struggle with because when you
have just one you allow yourself to
parent them too much I think and so we
really uh I mean I knew a lot already
cuz I'm one of five so I and I'm one of
the older ones so I um so I I witnessed
a lot of these changes over time but I
really have learned even more
that having too few things in your life
to take care of can cause you to over
care for them in ways that can actually
be detrimental in the longer term so it
was it was definitely it was definitely
a good thing that you know the last one
didn't get kind of uh pampered in that
way I think yeah yeah yeah
yeah and Tall
sizes sorry tall sizes when oh uh I
think we're just waiting on the next big
t-shirt order like like all the all the
grading which is what it's called when
you work out the sizes all the grading
is done um and spoiler alert there might
be some deals on blank t-shirts for lime
day so once we blow away some inventory
and some of the colors that are not
moving as well then it might be time for
a restock and we might be bringing in
the tall sizes I think that does not
mean we're a go for lime day to be clear
what Dan and I are
communicating telepathically right right
now okay did they come in packs of 50 I
mean no we could Group by if you did I
think that's what's going be a 50
pack
anyway we're very excited about tall
shirts okay I'm going to be the reason
they're out of stock there's like a
small army of people at the company that
are just instantly going to buy a large
amount of this is the thing about like
tall sizes is the people who want them
are like obsessed I suspect there isn't
a huge amount of us but the ones that do
exist will
that one like lanky siiz shirt that we
had sold like I couldn't even believe it
it's crazy cuz I mean we have four
options I will instantaneously replace
all of my t-shirts and I'm not kidding I
am I am the same I can buy from one
company right now
yeah sorry I'm just checking what our
total loss is today like when I go to
the gym I do certain workouts I don't
own a shirt that can keep me covered
same yeah sometimes I'll wear like a a
muscle shirt a shirt I don't want yeah a
shirt underneath it just to keep
everything like yeah yeah reasonable
yeah guys you are not doing a very good
job of buying other stuff other than the
track joggers and to help make up for it
no they are not get on it you guys K
you're killing me here um
anyway what's
next oh let's have a look here uh our
company offers fiber connections for
home and Business we can support up to
10 gigs nice our company does not offer
10 gig to business customers though we
only offer them Dia which why not offer
both sorry A
dia yeah I think that's uh I had a quick
Google of this earlier that's like the
internet
thing so like like so you're talking
like a service like a site to
site um location I mean dedicated
internet access provides business with a
private connection to the Internet so
it's not it's not split shared bandwidth
across cross neighbors blah blah blah
blah blah oh okay I think T us just does
this by the way for like everybody or at
least they did a long time ago or
something I don't know I don't want to
say the wrong
thing okay uh so they can get a one gig
line but it is definitely only theirs is
I think what he's saying with Dia like
you always get one gig no matter what
interesting yeah the only the only
reason that I could think of is that the
rates that you could charge these
businesses just wouldn't make sense cuz
they would have to literally 10 times
the amount of the 1 gig connection um
whereas you can offer 10 gig to to
regular consumers knowing that out of a
hundred people you know only a few of
them are going to be using it heavily at
a given time um and so you're going to
be able to share that you also don't
need to guarantee that they're going to
be able to get those speeds all the time
because a consumer connection if it dips
to 6 GB a they probably won't notice and
B they're going to have no recourse
because you don't have any kind of SLA
with them that guarantees that
connection speed so that would be my
guess is that they can't guarantee 10
gig speed all the time I agree at least
at a reasonable cost so they're just
like uh screw it let's just rather than
have a product that we know we can't
fulfill let's just not offer the product
yeah so maybe they'll offer it
eventually that's just me guessing
though I'm guessing yeah hey the land
Duke and DUS with Nintendo saying that
there won't be a chip shortage do you
believe that it's just that or that
there're using lower powered Hardware
both I mean that's one of the ways to
make sure that you don't have a shortage
of a chip is to use an older process
node where there's lots of capacity and
ampere would be I think a pretty good
example of that where like older you
know cheap Tablet S so's are are not
going to be built on such a Cutting Edge
note as what what is that tsmc 7
nanometer I'm trying to remember Nvidia
ampere is it 7
nmet uh yeah ampere is is the largest 7
NM chip ever built yeah so ampere was 7
NM however I've heard rumors that the
the switch to S so is going to be like 6
nanm or something like that anyway the
point is that um you're kind of in that
middle ground where Cheapo garbage stuff
is not going to be manufactured on that
node and the latest iPhone is past it
already so it could be like a nice
Middle Ground where there's ample
capacity I'm just I'm just guessing
based on you know some small amounts of
things that I know about that business
I've never actually worked in chip
manufacturing hey lldd question for
mostly lonus you play a lot of beat saer
have you ever been into other Rhythm
games Guitar Hero DDR Etc no I would
probably enjoy the crap out of DDR
though oh yeah you would like I've
played it a couple of times and it seems
like a blast but I suck so much and DDR
machines are almost always in public
places where I feel super self-conscious
playing them as a complete beginner so I
just would would rather not it's
actually one of the reasons that I
didn't play much in the arcades in Japan
they're way more affordable than here
which is super cool like I would always
read stories or watch videos about how
like you know arcades are where people
will hang out all day at the arcade and
I'm like with what money cuz when I was
a kid going to the arcade was freaking
expensive I mean I still I don't know if
I would say it's necessarily cheap but I
would go with my allowance and I'd be
done in like 15 minutes like and that
was my allowance like the the idea that
you could hang out in the arcade was
ridiculous to me but over there like you
you give a little bit of money and you
like play for a while even if you're not
you know expert tier um but when I was
over there man like some of the people
really do look like they live there like
they're so good that I would I would
feel inadequate sitting down at the
machine next to them putting in my money
and like they're like going like this on
some freaking rhythm and I'd be
like I don't know man um yeah beat saer
great I've never really gotten into
another rhythm game
though hi dll lonus is a longtime lover
of ano 1800 myself are there any ano 117
updates features quality of life changes
that you're hoping to see this is going
to be super unpopular but I would
actually like to
see um I I'd like to see a little bit
more military I love ano 18 I know I
know
right hear me
out as someone who has always enjoyed
RTS like purely military RTS it is
something I do find myself missing in
ano sometimes the the The Siege
mechanism in ano 1800 where ultimately
you conquer an Island by destroying the
um by by seing the the main Port
essentially is pretty shallow and I I
would like to see different options yeah
um I don't know that I would want to see
it be more of a focus of the actual
gameplay but having The Siege mechanics
be better would be cool I also wouldn't
mind seeing the entire thing replaced
with trade
blockades um so instead of just
destroying one building if effectively
the way to besiege an island would be to
defeat its Navy and prevent um prevent
essential shipments or something like
that um I I think something like that
could be really interesting because you
can you can blockade uh an island but
the AI seem to just cheat like Luke and
I actually started a game a new game
recently against like super hard AI with
like sort of everything dialed up
against us and one of the things that we
noticed was that while there were
definitely some missteps cuz neither of
us had played in a while there were
things the AIS were doing that didn't
really seem possible with the starting
resources unless they were just getting
free resources they seem to be they seem
to be cheating AIS um and so I would
like to see a
fair a completely Fair AI that has to
rely on exactly the same challenges
buying from free Traders and stuff like
that that was pretty frustrating to run
into um
I suspect that's
like a bit harder of an AI to write than
for most games I also don't I know was a
weird game I also don't know what would
be involved in this but I would love to
see the management of trade routs be
just somehow better like just I I don't
know good good luck an O
team hi dll last week Luke mentioned
that he was was trying to take public
transport more often I was wondering why
and maybe if he's been having a positive
experience I love talking the VTA in San
Jose taking the VTA sorry
split
uh
no well that's Vancouver Public Transit
for you that's why yeah so I try to take
more public transit often when I'm away
from home here it's not really
possible um getting from where I live to
work on public transit
only
is would be a horrible experience um now
getting to and
from seemingly basically anywhere when I
was in
Taiwan yeah absolutely take public
transit the buses were better the trains
were better the the high-speed rail
existed um all that type of stuff I
would love it if we had high-speed rail
from Vancouver to like Colona cam loops
that would be awesome I think would
really open up BC in a big way cuz
there's a lot of people that just are
not willing to do that drive because
there's some parts of it that are like
actually treacherous especially with all
the deer and stuff like people's parents
tell their kids not to do the drive when
they're like when they newly have a car
this is a thing if you could travel
there if someone from Colona or Cam
Loops could take a train so they could
come into Vancouver and see like a
Canucks game yeah and let's say drink at
the Canucks game so they're able to
safely commute home on the train instead
of driving you know nap on the train
while they go home nap on the train do
whatever if people from out there hope
Colona cam loops Etc could take
High-Speed Rail into Vancouver to work
the West Coast Express and then go back
yeah uh and then and then go back home
after work because they're on a train
that's super fast that would really Open
The Province up we have this weird
problem where everybody's stuffed in
this weird broken sink corner and it
just sucks um and privatizing public
transit was not the solution no you know
why the UBC routes are always like
overpacked because everyone who rides
them has a
go-kart and they're not
profitable so they don't
care Transit shouldn't be profitable
it's not the point of it it's
infrastructure for crying out loud
that's what our taxes are supposed to
pay
for why don't we have a Sky Train in
Langley well it's coming isn't it yeah
but like our SC they voted it down last
time don't even get me started on the
scar train cuz I argue with people about
Vancouver Public Transit do be like it's
really good you got the sky trms like
and especially back then it was like
there like two lines and Vancouver is
the entire Greater Vancouver Regional
District it's not just the city of
Vancouver and as soon as you go outside
of just there it's atrocious it's
horrible UCR Buffalo said too many
people think feel they need their
autonomy too I'm not saying to take
autonomy away I feel like you have more
autonomy if you have the ability to
highspeed rail to colon or Cam I was
going to you could decide to Z out there
really fast even if you don't have a car
or if your car might not make it the
whole way or whatever else GM Sho says
this is me whenever someone complains
that the US Post Office isn't profitable
it's not the point it was it ever
profitable I mean okay maybe but still
it doesn't matter like the whole rain
snow sleep hail blah blah Nothing Stops
the mail like that's not cuz that's
profitable that's because that's just
public infrastructure that like is
needed uh equipped says Japanese rail is
private however Japanese culturally are
very annoying Parts about that is an
extremely different place also that than
North America big time it's really
annoying in Japan when you have to like
switch
stations but the stations are right next
to each other the only real reason why I
need to switch stations is cuzz they're
different companies yeah like what's
happening and like I couldn't find but
the train in Japan is light years ahead
of where we are obviously I couldn't
find the platform for a train I was
trying to take because technically the
like part of the terminal that I was
standing in was owned by the other one
so they so they had no signs for it I
ran into that problem I was so angry
like actually extremely angry
yeah there are there are some signs for
the competing was before people freak
out but yeah yeah not enough and not at
that
station okay any thoughts on tras scale
dropping support for True charts and
removing 700 out of the 800 apps
available for their
users
uh lus is invested in an upcoming Nas
software support for true that is to be
fair mostly tuned for individual home
users that don't want to get super into
the weed so it might not be dealing with
what you're talking about but dud I real
quick I hadn't seen I I hadn't seen this
news
uh uh where where where is
this
uh true charts has been May 27th it's I
I I think it's the other way around I
just moved to scale I think it's the
other way around someone in chat pointed
this out and I Googled it and it looks
more
true um yeah a AOW 101 or a chow 101 I'm
not sure said true charts is dropping
support for True scale which is the
other way that it said and I googled
that and started founding finding more
information on
it interesting I think that I think it's
the other way around scale users
introducing Talos Linux
our alternative will be based on Tallow
they already cut Tre Nets with the true
charts with a new update I I don't know
I'm not 100% sure what way it's going
but something is happening there for
sure scale already dropped it yeah I'm
not sure sorry guys I don't know enough
about this to have any thoughts on we
don't have a talk topic prepped on it or
anything y but if if you're a user of
these things maybe keep your eyes out
yeah that'd be that'd be a bummer I will
I'm on they're moving away from
kubernetes not true chart specific okay
that also makes
sense okay hi lldd just started playing
ano 1800 what dlc's would you recommend
none start with the base game yeah which
is a great Rich experience and then when
you're bored which will be after many
many dozens of hours yes then have a
look at which DLCs you like that sound
appealing yep and honestly it is very
likely going to make sense to add one it
probably makes sense depending on how
they do the pricing to buy a season at a
time yep because there's like four or
five seasons or something or by the time
you're bored by like the whole whack cuz
I think they're done development on the
game so maybe there'll be like an all
you can eat depending on the bundle
sales yeah but if they don't have a
bundle sale for the whole whack what I
was going to say was that you could get
one season at a time because it actually
comes with a lot of content in that one
season like their their expansions are
actually sick they huge amounts of
content like every time so uh if you're
not like 100% sure you're going to get
them all you could peace meal it or if
you're like yeah this game's amazing and
buy them all that's also a very
acceptable way to play the game it'll
just be a lot of information hitting you
at once when you buy all the updates
because it is a huge amount of
content yeah I don't know if uh Luke did
this one or maybe maybe I did but how
would you recommend configuring an old
computer as a Nas I'm looking at raid Z1
but I don't know how many drives I
should end up
with oh man this is a long conversation
that
um G Forum you know what yeah try
posting try posting on the LT forum and
see if someone is willing to kind of
have a look at this for you but I think
there'll be more Nas recommendation
stuff when that company yeah so I'm I'm
invested in a Nas software startup and
hopefully they will be not hopefully
their plan is to build out you know with
Wizards and stuff that will make it easy
for people like you to just throw
together hardware and kind of go hey
configure this for me that's that's the
idea I built a carbon copy of our John's
bone Nas video first time I've ever done
that and that's been fantastic oh yeah
or you could just follow one of our
previous Nas videos the Johns what one
is amazing that's totally an option y
I'm planning on moving from the little
Nas that I have now to like a more
serious solution when that software
releases as long as they do pricing
model that doesn't make me want to gou
my eyes
out I'm a design engineering manager for
a major defense company and do a lot of
VBA automation to keep my team lean is
VBA really bottom of the barrel it seems
to work for us zero formal
coding uh it works for a lot of people I
don't know like I've got a I've got a
buddy that does a bunch of VBA stuff for
his work but he he has no formal um
training in like software development
and he was able to make his team a lot
more efficient just through VBA stuff I
don't know I mean if it work if it's
stupid and it works is it stupid yeah I
don't know seems okay people are saying
that VBA is about to be removed that
sucks I don't know I lmgd lineups you
said even today that you've had no
issues with your 7900 XTX but have you
played any hell divers 2o I haven't I
and many others with a card have been
unable to play oh really I'm very sorry
to hear that I have not tried to play
hell divers 2 it sounds like I kind of
missed the hype on it though it's it's
down to like 10% of its peak player base
lot a lot of controversies but that was
a really high peak
okay okay do you relx are you
emotionally invested in Hell relax are
like are you offended are you mad I'm a
little off brother are you this was a
very annoying news article to see you go
around this happens with like every
single game what what don't what P
world's not as popular as it was when it
started exactly are you serious right
now there were articles of that why are
so few people playing Dark Souls right
now there are articles a lot of people
playing Dark Souls well Elden ring yeah
especially cuz the new expansion but but
I'm pretty sure there was articles about
how few people were playing Elden ring
months after it came out like it's it's
oh whoa people play a game and then stop
playing it eventually what's happening
and especially with a game like hell
divers that was like incredibly wildly
popular yeah it's going to decrease over
time
relax the fact that still 10% of people
are still actively playing a game that
is effectively the same thing over and
over again is a lot I'm surprised it's
that
much I'm trying to figure out what you
hate right now how long has it I mean
it's obvious you're a hater I just I'm
not sure what it is that you hate do you
hate hell divers 2 for being the same
game over and over or do you hate people
for not playing it or do you hate people
for playing it a lot
nope I hate the reporting it's garbage
boring lame reporting anyway reporting
that like oh this many players are still
playing and this is our thoughts on it
is interesting but oh my God Only 10% of
players are still playing whoa headline
is so junk it's so annoying I would have
expected you to understand that negative
sentiment sells I understand it I just
don't like it there you go there's your
thesis statement yeah yeah I definitely
have missed out on being able to be a
noob and have no idea what's going on
though and so that's something that I
kind of I kind of wish I had jumped into
well it is it is a fairly small Lobby
game so you'll play with the maximum of
four people total so you find other
people to play with drag everything down
they're getting up about the meta like
it's a co-op game and people are angry
if you don't use the discovered optimal
layout okay but I never ran into this
that's been a thing that's been reported
since the beginning of Hell divers 2
since the first week people were talking
oh I'm getting kicked out of lobbies cuz
whatever and I'm sure that happened like
once never had that problem once and I
have always used weird builds in that
game so like I think this is a very
small issue that people glommed on
because it was almost entirely positive
reporting about the game people are like
there's something negative let's talk
about that all the
time yeah people in chat are like it's
not a thing yeah I don't know I I really
don't think it's a big deal there's
toxic people in every single community
that you can voluntarily join and exit
any time there will be toxic people in
that
Community assuming it reaches some
amount of critical mass speaking of
toxic communities um can we discuss how
fake the viewer counts are on
Twitter five
5,876 oh okay hold on if that's wait
views okay if that's the number of
people who have like and exited scrolled
past it at all yeah then I believe it
total views but it is cuz it doesn't say
viewers yeah it is an absolute G if
you're watching on Twitter say something
ghost town oh nope don't say anything
because you're a Twitter user no one
cares what you think oh I don't think
previous chat is visible know but I've
been in there for like 5 minutes oh it's
dead really oh yeah no it's dead great
great great great uh a couple more for
you here hello dld what is most
high-tech company or place that you have
been to that was seemingly low Tech
before going
oh well I don't go too many places that
I expect to be low Tech yeah um it's not
the kind of thing I go out of my way to
do I feel like I usually have a pretty
solid idea of the technical level of the
things that I go to yeah every once in a
while I'll go to like a restaurant that
is
um oh no I I did I went to a restaurant
recently where it was like where where
was I I traveled recently where did I go
oh yeah yeah I was in I was in um oh man
what's it
called I think it's the other way around
so Cannon I was going to say I I find
more places that I'm surprised how
lowtech are instead of how high-tech
they are I was in Centralia
Washington which is
um population here that's not going to
be true about Taiwan everyone knows
Taiwan is high-tech yeah I was in
Centralia Washington which has a
population of just under 19,000 people
last weekend pretty small and I was in
just like kind of a kind of a a bar
eating establishment and they were
extremely why his drinks confirmed uh
they were extremely
like I don't know they they were they
were very they were very techy like it
wasn't like in Japan where you know
there's no menus everything's just a QR
code and you like order on your phone
and it just appears at your table like
it wasn't it wasn't that but the servers
very much had like a really nice app
interface on their tablet that they took
your order with like it's um it's still
pretty common here in North America for
the server to take your order with like
a pad and paper like that is absolutely
still a thing and it was just this like
kind of you know small town USA vibe
that they had going on and and and no
they were like they were they were on it
they were very high-tech and like they
like their app allowed them to you know
put in customizations and notes on the
order which is not something to be taken
for granted not all of the interfaces
allow that so yeah I was I I was yeah I
was I was impressed I'm apparently
pronouncing the name so wrong Calia I
don't know whatever who knows who cares
I'm never going back no I'm no I'm
kidding we actually had a wonderful time
we did a little glass blowing workshop
and we made our own blown glass bowls
and Bubbles and stuff and um we also we
went to Great Wolf Lodge which is
fine um you know the kids had a great
time then good enough great time accom
two and a half days was exactly the
right amount of time to be there yeah um
there's there's constantly places where
I'm I'm stunned at how far behind they
are tech-wise like uh places that still
take orders and I don't mean for food I
mean for like products that you're
expecting to pick up in an amount of
time later uh on pen and paper like
there was a wedding I went to and I had
to get a suit for it and it was like in
the wedding party so you have to you you
all get the same suit or whatever so I
went to the place that we're getting the
suit from and they just rote everything
down yeah and then they gave the stuff
to the wrong people and they gave the
wrong stuff and I'm like this probably
could have been I remember this story if
you had digitized everything in the
first place yeah like my
goodness oh well Luke what are your
thoughts on test driven development do
you have any other preferred methods to
ensure your team delivers reliable high
quality
code uh the beta site um test driven
development having some tests is really
good I think having tests for absolutely
everything is only realistic in a good
way for
uh like absolutely under no circumstance
can anything go wrong ever or people die
type of scenarios um I don't think it
makes any sense
for a website um unless like that
website if something went poorly someone
would die uh which maybe that exists I
don't know but it's definitely not flow
plane um I do not want revs doing test
driven development um
yeah the last one I've got for you today
trying to brainstorm this one I got man
I got nothing you got nothing Conrad why
have test driven development when you
can have
users yeah release on every Friday
before a Wan show into production oh I
got one okay what product do you think
was absolutely ruined by a company
Philosophy of bad faith toxic company
relationship with its consumers every
blizzard product boom mic drop we're
done here all
right that's pretty good yeah I don't
disagree see you
later next week same bad time same bad
channel oh that is actually it okay bye
I didn't realize it was done and there
it
goes front coming up in the rear we've
got a
Joshua oh and they're
gone people like them
[Music]
tracksuits still alive I think so put it
back put it back put it back the show's
not over I have a gift for you what that
I saved to give you on the show okay
you're no you're G to you're going to
really like it all right here you go
don't read it don't read it yeah just
open it you want me to open it yeah just
open
it just open
it okay hold on hold it up have you
never done an unboxing video before life
good
Lord you you could read it maybe
spaceborn
computer and then there's an altitude in
that at 17,500 mil hour are these flown
patches
can you just finish opening it for
crying out loud God you suck at
this sticker of the same thing okay very
cool I know where that's going to
go another sticker my computer is
spaceborn International Space Station HP
spaceborn computer-
two how much of this do I read out loud
any of it whatever you want I don't
care uh
subject return of
official on behalf of the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration I
am pleased to certify that these items
were flown on board the signis vehicle
and transferred to the ISS over the
period of May 24th 2018 through July 2nd
2018 while docked to ISS these items
traveled more than 29.9 million miles
these are this is a flown
patch that is so sick I can't take full
credit for this uh this was this was
gifted to me when I went down and shot
that video for HP Enterprise so um wow
realistically I knew you would
appreciate it far more than I would so
uh I used to watch a lot of the footage
when a lot of these names were on the on
the ISS so that's that's I recognize the
name that is very cool thank you very
much a you're very welcome that is
awesome yeah 100%
regifted Ginger kit ELO but for real for
real like look could put this in my like
Library like realistically my policy and
you've seen me do this is that I don't
accept any anything not because I
consider it like a like an ethical issue
if I take water bottle swag or whatever
but because I just I don't need more
stuff I I'm I'm I'm at a I'm at a stuff
limit in my life and so I I don't I
don't collect things I don't like
acquiring stuff one second yeah yeah
yeah go ahead alive I'm going to just
I'm going to at least mute his mic Dan
and I are both trying to his mic at the
same time um so I don't really take
stuff but this one was something that I
was like okay this is actually like the
coolest thing ever and while I don't
need to put it in a collection of stuff
that I that I don't stuff um I I I knew
I knew Luke would be into it so so I I I
accepted it be because I was going to
give it to you so it's not really a
reift in that case it's the way that I
see it
Oh uhoh what now uh uh okay see you
later nothing but see you bye this is
very cool thank you very much oh you're
welcome oh God you're going to run it
again sure fine whatever I have to he
said
bye it's contractually obligated I
actually was maybe going to steal one
yeah yeah
[Music]
yeah sure